Timothy Sackton: We kind of just switched to Thursday.
Mike Sackton: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: can't even remember where we like we were.
Mike Sackton: about to enter charter that we wait well for like do we know we don't know what we're doing like we have some mysterious some.
Mike Sackton: hours of debating what to do.
Timothy Sackton: Coming, I know I was, I was yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: eagerly invite time limits on that or interruptions of our debate through world events that.
David: occur what.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna.
David: start off or early on, we did this, at one point in the past, like i'll go into secrets Journal and just like take a minute or two to select literally all to write down here's what we want to do in charleston.
David: And, and that can be like the basis for an interactive discussion, but it is long.
Mike Sackton: Because crashed the front gate see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: We brought our disguises right, that was the plan.
David: But they're all perfect disguises of one person to our left so in aggregate.
Eric Rosenbaum: awkward.
Mike Sackton: bad planning.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so before we get to chart in let's let's read con but to mirror items that you looked at over the course of the journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing i'm excited for this.
So.
Timothy Sackton: The first is the ravens whistle.
me share my music.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and so, as you hold that ravens with up to the mirror the food chefs and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It really quick So where do we get it from most of.
Timothy Sackton: These are all came from.
Timothy Sackton: This is what has been carrying the weight and, as you hold it up to the mirror the steam shifts and you're looking down over the desert soaring above it.
Timothy Sackton: near the red Mesa flying across the rocky outcroppings in the sunset turns and heading east.
Timothy Sackton: Of the sun begins to sink in the sky you reach pass into the people returning to their homes.
Timothy Sackton: As the evening begins small and dark against the setting sun.
Timothy Sackton: And you turn south.
Timothy Sackton: drifting until you come to a line of dead trees just visible in the twilight and, as you follow it South you eventually land outside of plain brown mud hut.
Timothy Sackton: With a Dome roof and chimney beside a garden of dorms and rocks.
Timothy Sackton: A woman comes from the heart, I got.
Timothy Sackton: she gave gazes at new, maybe even a hint of tears in her eyes and reaches her hand up to you, holding pieces of meat shredded straps.
Timothy Sackton: You see, in the mirror a giant big sort of turn across the the scene, the vision that you're seeing and reach the me like try to bite a piece, and then like cough several times and slowly shake it's had unable to eat and begin to just rest its head down on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: I got to sit down whispering something.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe telling a story, and you see the head of the giant Raven lying there on the ground, next to a goddess breathing slow and then stop.
Timothy Sackton: And then the steam chefs and you're looking up at a God are holding you up a wing bone of a giant Raven and what will become the Raven.
Timothy Sackton: and carefully working at shaping it, for me it into this this like small sort of flute whistle shaped object singing under her breath the whole time.
Timothy Sackton: Now the mirror turns black.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, like, how can we magic magic items getting made and taller.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I got to primarily.
Timothy Sackton: People make them yeah.
ooh.
Timothy Sackton: And anybody that lots of people well, I mean you have to be you're making a magic item right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret seems to a specialized in more temporarily existing things, but I think roseman can make stuff too right.
Kate: um does it stay magical though I don't think really think of that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can more permanently fabricates stuff but not.
Timothy Sackton: magical stuff and create non magical stuff but it's not necessarily magical.
Kate: magical powers to something temporarily.
Timothy Sackton: Right right I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was was here was here from ma ma ma he can like make mashed it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's his character class.
Eric Rosenbaum: artifacts answer yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: artifacts there's can make that's like one of the things like the making magic is.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, like our friend that made the.
Eric Rosenbaum: portable whole.
Mike Sackton: He made a magic item.
Timothy Sackton: yeah made magic guy that's the guy who made the portable.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm OK OK, I shot it like infer like what what is what is what is a goddess character classes you like a sorcerer like a.
Timothy Sackton: Not everything has character class yeah right, I mean the rules for PCs are different than rules for the world what the PCs or just a constraint subset of the world to make the game possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For now, once we get higher level we're going to transcend type of class stuff like we did in our last.
Timothy Sackton: Well yeah.
Probably um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay second item the chart and fan.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You hold the fan up.
Timothy Sackton: To the mirror the scene chefs.
Timothy Sackton: You are looking out from a market stall maybe terroir or Tokyo some sun some done Marty markets in the booth of a trader and around you are sort of trinkets and some fine accessories jewelry.
Timothy Sackton: blogs hats.
Timothy Sackton: A woman approaches finally dressed her face hidden by a traveling cloak looks you know young ish and.
Timothy Sackton: well off she looks around the bed, and then picks up the band and some gloves and you know, a couple of other items and your tossed and pays the merchant and your tossed in saddle bags, with some self writing dresses and some jewelry and other stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And the scene chefs and, as you are drawn out of the saddle bags.
Timothy Sackton: The woman who pose you out of the sag sandbags has changed into a gotta.
Timothy Sackton: Know seeing shifts again, and you are watching from a table and adopt as hot she is standing next to an orc and is working, a spell slowly over the orc.
Timothy Sackton: You watch as the work begins to transform grow slimmer and taller her skin turn light brown or hair grow smooth and long I got two hands are writing dress.
Timothy Sackton: So, as well as the fan gloves pouch of coin some jewelry.
Timothy Sackton: I got to speak to this or repeating maybe what our instructions and the sheet seen shifts.
Timothy Sackton: you're in a tent with Sarah in the hand of this disguised or.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I was laughing talking to the work seemingly asking her questions there is wine and rich food several other court attendance and servants and ladies at the quarter city grounds.
Timothy Sackton: Someone stands up perhaps to recite poetry, and the 10th goes quiet watching for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: After some time.
Timothy Sackton: The orc leans over and whispered something to Sarah and they sort of talk for a minute and then get out to leave the tent.
Timothy Sackton: As they walk out of the tent into the darkness of the desert night the orc folds up.
Timothy Sackton: The fan places in a pouch and the theme fades to black.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the man doing.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just a fan.
Mike Sackton: Just a fan.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's very interesting though.
David: To be clear, I got a picture it up well disguised in charlton.
Timothy Sackton: know in somewhere in Dunbar toker Caroline purchased from a trader but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was that I gotta in disguise.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can't be 100% sure, but that's the implication.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would she disguise and work, the work was disguised as a human.
Timothy Sackton: The Ark was disguises like you mind yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sir.
Mike Sackton: to learn part of some plot presumably to understand, but Sarah was doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would you need to disguise and work as a human, in order to do that.
Mike Sackton: Because you don't have any human enhancements and an orc is going to be too obvious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Kate: Yes, my God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So God, so when I was in despise with one of her yeah one of her henchmen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Learn Sir at a tenant presumably that's when the kidnapping happen.
David: Because there were several key when with them.
David: We can't necessarily put a gun at the scene of the kidnapping, but we can put right summer key there, and this work, and this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, I say i'm working there.
Mike Sackton: are key yeah.
Mike Sackton: described being hit over the head.
Mike Sackton: By similar key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, so, mark you could have come later right see like after the fan goes into the bag murky could have arrived snapper.
Mike Sackton: More it could have been weeks.
beforehand.
David: Right, it could have been a longer.
Mike Sackton: It could have been a longer plot we don't we don't we don't know how I mean probably know okta had to learn out West before like there's a lot of mysteries around.
Mike Sackton: Like when.
Eric Rosenbaum: When when asked why didn't Sir just do this thing that she had the dork do herself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it's because it involves going to a place that she couldn't go contractually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because of the Center thing.
Mike Sackton: or August that doesn't want to take the risk.
Eric Rosenbaum: What.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I get to make an a bond are packed with.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and tours that she wouldn't cross some geographic.
Timothy Sackton: You went you went north.
Timothy Sackton: Of the trade road.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So who knows where.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody know that's been kidnapped by I thought that has been kidnapped South and South Carolina.
Mike Sackton: Right yeah.
David: So this gives us more context, but I don't think it does this give us any more information about a motive.
Mike Sackton: I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: is only that it was clearly premeditated.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, carefully planned.
Kate: plan was plotted now the heat of the moment, kidnapping.
Mike Sackton: Right, it was an.
opportunity.
Mike Sackton: opportunistic either right.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Planning yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sarah happened.
Mike Sackton: To be in August territory and I get to sign opportunity, it seems like it was.
David: So do you think that suggests that gives more weight to the idea that someone higher to God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah I got to make deals that that she she's she's a dealmaker So the question still remains who who hired her and most the best.
Mike Sackton: But it, I think it does right, I think it would be very if it was like opportunistic Maybe she was hoping to.
Mike Sackton: Do after the fact, right, but if it's premeditated it seems like like it seems the main character for Agha to randomly kidnap somebody if the opportunity presented itself.
Mike Sackton: Right and she felt like Maybe she could get some benefit out.
Kate: of it.
later.
Mike Sackton: Right, but in this particular case, it seems pretty clear was it was absolutely premeditated plot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For what purpose.
David: bring it closer in that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you need something that lets you hear conversations.
Timothy Sackton: there's only so much that seeing seeds is going to be oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look, I mean, I think we still ask ourselves the basic questions, who benefits from the kidnapping right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clearly, the brother did.
Mike Sackton: It, though, we have a whole plan that really has nothing to do with figuring out the kidnapping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean we're we're avoiding getting ourselves out of Denmark politics.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so speaking of your whole plan, let us now go back to.
Timothy Sackton: Can you hear background music or.
Eric Rosenbaum: not getting it right now.
Timothy Sackton: I can't hear you there.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to restart spotify okay so let's go to the intro and you'll have you'll have.
Timothy Sackton: I am there is going to be some some time limits here on how much time you have to just mess about so.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: keep that in mind, but you should have some.
Timothy Sackton: Really weird that my.
Timothy Sackton: music is not working.
Timothy Sackton: we're trying to play.
Eric Rosenbaum: While he's doing that i'm thinking about the.
Eric Rosenbaum: stage a contest under assumed identities, to draw out the villain with a lower of some kind of magical price the sort of the Robin Hood story ploy you know.
Kate: Is there a villain who's behind the whole thing, or are we talking about something in treatment.
Eric Rosenbaum: So hand waving that part of the question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, there is a villain, who is a who is i'm directing the order of the open scroll as there's corruption from within.
We know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What its development and socio economic system.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more complicated on earth.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Mike Sackton: The Center of command.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's definitely.
David: Something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We had been before it, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to like contactable we're here to go steal the giant size right.
David: we're here to negotiate giant size.
Timothy Sackton: And my chops and challenge.
Mike Sackton: We wouldn't.
Mike Sackton: We would like to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell us.
Mike Sackton: we've charting with giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the shower.
David: In our lives.
But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have arrived prior to.
Mike Sackton: me yes.
Mike Sackton: We gave up.
Mike Sackton: White a very vital side quests where we would have found all fascinating things to arrive before this.
Timothy Sackton: You have to assume that, like you know, obviously some information about your existence well i've been reported back, but.
Timothy Sackton: Because of the limits.
Timothy Sackton: Of magical communication it's not like peeking out for descriptions at.
Timothy Sackton: That, but you know your names, perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An.
David: invalid because presumably made it back already yep.
David: That gives some context for the giant size, maybe, but like that's that predates so much of what happened, like what she can share, about us is like oh there's some adventures yeah.
Mike Sackton: You saved her life, she should share good things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and and we're stealing the giant size, because it's the right thing to do, and we also believe that, if the giant size to return the giant might be able to tell us how to destroy the separate.
Eric Rosenbaum: or himself accomplish that directly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, although this after command to the giant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then obey his orders and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's fine because leading an army he'd be holding like a little toothpicks at dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it would grow large to fit in.
Mike Sackton: Maybe I would grow large, I think it would grow it to fit his head.
David: Like the the gloss that open on, that is, I think we're getting the giant size, because we promise, at least from wellness perspective because I promised to do that it may in fact be a terrible idea to freedom, like that is also a possibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well he's our friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Storm chat you know it's more of a weather giant that you know storms gaps it's bad reputation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what are they um one thing that hens those doing as soon as we get to try it and somehow finding Kaiser Kaiser right because he's like the one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, and I mean you know our lives, you spent years in his house right.
Right.
Mike Sackton: or other goal is to find out anything we can about.
Mike Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: group of people in the north, who worship right because we're going there first where we bring the eyes back right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys we're gonna force first don't write.
Kate: Our plan is the book thing.
Mike Sackton: yeah our plan, if I remember it was get the eyes go North into the forest the opposite direction from.
Mike Sackton: Yes, how rough guy right find the people who are sharp rise see what's going on there, possibly find dealt with the people worship.
Mike Sackton: office guy that was.
Timothy Sackton: A while.
Eric Rosenbaum: The less likely it is that any.
Timothy Sackton: Better we're gonna.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna somehow detour south.
Mike Sackton: end up at the castle give for a while back and then he's gonna tell us, we have to go to drink or to destroy this stuff so we're gonna go to drink.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God that's the next few years.
Timothy Sackton: When he began.
Timothy Sackton: On.
Kate: That and when we can and the cake.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: saddling up the broad strategy that chaucer river to the vibrant bustling part of charter.
Timothy Sackton: The city stretches for miles long the south bank of a river with smaller outputs from the north on the shoulders of mountain near out of his dark slopes them over the 50.
Timothy Sackton: South of the river, the city gleams with the dazzling colors of hundreds, what seems sometimes like thousands of towers.
Timothy Sackton: Some the muted colors of natural stone Gray white black, but others shine like the setting sun or blaze with the violet have a field of flowers or the bright gold of the sun in the middle of the day, or even swirl with patterns of stars or waves.
Timothy Sackton: And all of these towers are dominated looming over all of them is the twisting spire the great library itself reaching 600 feet in the sky, to the east.
Timothy Sackton: And the huge imposing facade of the imperial palace, to the West, with the great octo octagonal Dome of the Cathedral of the way between these landmarks.
Timothy Sackton: But North bank, this time in the afternoon is partially hidden by a low fog that hangs on the slopes of Mount there and carries a faint acrid stench over the water when the winds briefly shift.
Timothy Sackton: The two sides of the city are separated by a great arching bridge wide enough for for carts to pass the breast and then chanted to rise from an anchor is to allow ships with Thomas Pathfinder.
Timothy Sackton: As you sail under the bridge the noise from above briefly pauses as the central part of the stone arch creeks and then raises into the sky, to allow your masks to clear the span.
Timothy Sackton: And as the bridge settles back into place beside behind you, you can see the River wide and ahead a busy words of the pork come into view dozens upon dozens of ships of all sizes shapes and colors fill the harbor some loading or unloading on the docks others that anchorage.
Timothy Sackton: As you as the Emerald song slides into a berth in what seems to be the hassling section of the works and you look out across the vastness.
Timothy Sackton: city you do get your one hidden from your DM, but you are not totally without contacts their information, so you have case oh Kansas former mentor who lives in the south of the city in the penance gate neighborhood near the kindness market which kenza knows the way to.
Timothy Sackton: The name Christmas was mentioned to you by marcella as the person who is the senior archivist at the great library and supposedly a major patron and sponsor of treasure hunting.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I just saw your message.
Timothy Sackton: You, of course, know wallah the adventure and explorer you rescued it Raven told you must have presumably return to chartered by now.
Timothy Sackton: speaker has his friend from his first brief stint in charmin.
Timothy Sackton: off guard frosty urban scholar on the Faculty of metaphysics at the University of charleston with.
Eric Rosenbaum: With Laura to settle.
Timothy Sackton: be willing to speak with you and also settle scores.
Timothy Sackton: And, of course, there is also Nice, the scholar, who wrote the book on the last people of the forest, which mentions rye, and he may still be in charge, and all of them, the work was from 20 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sit at a party good.
Timothy Sackton: there's also niacin the scholar, who wrote the book on the last people in the forests Z at the.
Timothy Sackton: At the locking monastery found for you, which mentions ry.
Timothy Sackton: is written 2020 years ago, but he may still be around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: find him.
Timothy Sackton: On as you recall these things i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Danny silver heart the quartermaster and trader on the upward song.
Timothy Sackton: has asked to speak with you briefly before you depart and has also warned you that magic is regulated in charge, after having senior in visibility trick.
Timothy Sackton: But, as in the bustle of docking and making the ship secure, you have a few minutes to yourself below decks before you speak with her and before.
Timothy Sackton: That yeah getting off the boat.
Timothy Sackton: sours does anything you want to talk to amongst yourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what's the plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well i'd love to go see my old Professor.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're gonna be disguised yeah.
Kate: and must be follow our playbook from the last city and not be a particularly noticeable distribution of number of dwarves number bells number of athletes and humans.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, surely the that information precedes us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um first thing i'm going to do is find my old master on they'll have a lot more information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I suggest didn't have because cases house house House like we all, I cannot go there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah you can I mean I don't know if you could all it would be uncomfortable for you all to sleep there he's not a rich man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but we could all.
Timothy Sackton: be plenty of space for you all to like talk.
Timothy Sackton: To me, oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good good yeah so that would be my suggestion is we we meet high so and just learn more about what the hell is going on in charge, and these days before we do anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's you know raised me I trust him completely and he'd be a good first stop before we try to do anything draw any attention to ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that would be my thought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can go at first contact, I can I can make first contact, maybe what we do is i'm TIM, this is, this is the port right we're letting in.
Timothy Sackton: And I must know the port yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you you've you know the city well enough, you can certainly find your way it's not actually that So if you look on the.
Timothy Sackton: map enroll 20 right, so the port is.
Timothy Sackton: Here, where your docking.
Timothy Sackton: And this is the kyle's market where.
Timothy Sackton: Cases houses and then this is the sort of academy district over here there's like the old city walls and then there's the newer city walls so.
Timothy Sackton: This is the imperial palace, this is the Cathedral of the way.
Mike Sackton: I think if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worst case, especially on the map.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this is the kyle is markets and his place would be like just south of that like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the Cathedral of the way represent religiously.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's the eight the vines, as the.
Timothy Sackton: Primary religion in charge.
Timothy Sackton: otherwise known as mosque Newman.
Timothy Sackton: Our the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I would suggest, perhaps we split up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just hang out and just hang out at the port find in in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just lay low for a little bit, let me go make contact with Kai so and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll let you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where to meet.
Eric Rosenbaum: And just just to be clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're going to be asking him about things in the direction of trying eyes or the chalice or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No i'm not going to ask him about anything i'm just gonna make contact he doesn't he doesn't know that word yeah I haven't seen him in I want when I seen him like yours right like five years.
Timothy Sackton: Like six years, something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I haven't seen in years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He isn't expecting me, let me make contact first just to let them know that i'm here and that we're all here together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we can convene at his place you'll meet all of us, and then we can talk together as a group and understand what the hell's going on in charge of these days and ask him questions about anything we want and then from there, we can make a plan.
Mike Sackton: Are we, there was a.
Mike Sackton: I think will be suggested this last time.
Mike Sackton: The plan of just trading Amir of soul trapping straight up for the giant ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that and that's assuming that we can get in the room, with some open scroll folks who are friendly which we don't know so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That that's fine, we could make that trade, but first let where we don't even know where the hell open school you don't know anything about anything right now we don't know what's going on with these magic regulations we know nothing about the state of affairs and charting.
Eric Rosenbaum: And my son is.
Eric Rosenbaum: likely to know about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He will know all of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's my mastering yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, if he raised me.
So.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you, those of you that have traveled in China and should be seeker and ken's I mean you went to necessarily pay too much attention to it before because.
Timothy Sackton: neither of you are spell casters at the time you are in charge and, but this is not this isn't like some new thing right like it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: always been the case yeah that's fine but, but my point is I haven't been here in six years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah We just need to just lay low a little bit before we do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what what do we know about the regulation.
Timothy Sackton: wow when you're ready to ship Danny will tell you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see we're about to find.
Timothy Sackton: that's why she said she wanted to speak with you.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I think that's very sensitive, I mean, I think.
Mike Sackton: Learning more about the lay of the land is a good first step and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I would almost recommend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know seeker who's been a chart in here before again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker who else.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I only spent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually we don't we didn't decide on the exact interval but I got to know this one professor at the at the university as TIM prescribed.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I might have been around for a couple of weeks.
Timothy Sackton: Little yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but.
Timothy Sackton: like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have like a map of the city like some kind of this right, we have like some kind of a drawing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay look, there are two options i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, this is what I suggest we do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a few ends right fit right in the port on we can split up have the be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: vertically impaired together if we want whatever whatever grouping all think is going to draw less suspicion and then give me some houses, how long is it from here to crisis.
Timothy Sackton: A couple miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, maybe an hour and a half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give me an hour i'll go figure out what's going on i'll come back here and then assuming that I found so and we've got a place to meet i'll rally everybody, and then we can we can split up or travel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stage apart, whatever and get get to his place.
Eric Rosenbaum: And baxter.
David: A service in the mirror right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: baxter is in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember, to fight back.
Mike Sackton: out before we create the mirror.
Yes.
David: But I think the question is.
David: Do we want to leave them in there, in the meantime.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: offer now yeah I mean I think an xp is going to be going to draw a lot of undue attention.
For now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yes and no right, even just looking over the the the wires there is some unusual stuff being offloaded from ships here right like this is one of the.
Timothy Sackton: This is a this part is on a whole nother scale, but garbage right like you know there's.
Timothy Sackton: almost anything you can imagine, like there's parents does like strange songbirds and kicking like cages is the thing you notice at the moment, but like you know kenzo you would have seen.
Timothy Sackton: elephants and like done all sorts of wild animals right and I speak would be sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe commented upon but not like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: It wouldn't stand out quite the way it wouldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know, but the point is, we don't want to like have an association with something that's a little non normal so then it's just oh there's the there's the group with the xp you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, sir.
Kate: But possibly if we need to let him out for purposes there's like a.
Kate: Interesting animals boarding.
Kate: right side there's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: an exotic animal hospital that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just doesn't sound good does it sound like a plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah go for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
Timothy Sackton: So so as you get ready to leave the ship.
Timothy Sackton: Danny pulls you have five so she has the lake hassling sort of quartermaster she says.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how many of you been to charter before but.
Timothy Sackton: Just so you know.
Timothy Sackton: Things are a little more formal here than done or.
Timothy Sackton: they'll give you the.
Timothy Sackton: Official regulations on the dock when you register, but you should know that, in general, like enchantment.
Timothy Sackton: illusion with the intent to deceive and any sort of thing with violence is forbidden, as far as magic is concerned, no you can't carry weapons, I mean you can carry weapons, but not openly.
Timothy Sackton: So stole your bow in your Pack.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Just Be careful right don't don't make a scene don't.
Timothy Sackton: can get away with trotting around and visibly and Denmark, all you want, but.
Timothy Sackton: You know the major guard here keeps the sort of closer eye on magic, I think.
Timothy Sackton: it's too many spell casters around the city.
Timothy Sackton: Students at the university or.
bit.
Timothy Sackton: difficult.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you said register, what do you mean to do I know he's talking about.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so so basically there's a tax on any foreigners entering the city so anybody who's not a citizen of charmin.
Timothy Sackton: are happening happening they're exempt.
Timothy Sackton: has to.
Timothy Sackton: pay a toll and then write your name and your birthplace, then oh my God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's racist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why did it happen this way or happenings exam.
David: We go everywhere, all the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: suck.
Timothy Sackton: Because that yeah.
David: We don't have.
Timothy Sackton: wings are exempt from lots of lots of rules like this because everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kenzo presumably has like a fake name that he uses and charted right like he's not going to like put his fucking name down on some like chart odeon ledger right.
Timothy Sackton: You can put whatever name, you want, I mean you're not Kansas was not a turbo Indian citizen.
Timothy Sackton: Right, he was he was not born to target any and parents and he grew up in the wrong side of town so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You will not there's different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Things I presume that that Kansas got like a bunch of like just fake names and shit like that that he used just to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dig around so he will he'll he'll he's one of those he's not going to finish reading it like that, but this is like pretty like kinds of must have done this before in situations where he's got to get some place or do something.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you had never left the city until you were 17 or whatever if you're just traveling within the city.
Timothy Sackton: it's just entering the ports that ports and gates.
Timothy Sackton: So you probably I mean pens, I would have spent a lot of time, you know dodging.
Timothy Sackton: Officials various kinds, but I don't think you would have ever been faced before.
Timothy Sackton: 10 times bigger problem would have been getting across the bridge, because the you know, the main card don't like to let the people from the slums in the north crossover city, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how would I, how would I get through that or jury sneaky sneaky this.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sneaky Nasser there's like boats people across like you going to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is what i'm getting at is like, if I put a fake name down here like how serious a crime is that versus like ass like not like it'll it'll be.
Nobody.
Timothy Sackton: They care more about the.
Timothy Sackton: right name if you put a fake name down, I mean honestly, how are you going to be caught out right but.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah there's, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: ID cards or something so.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's more.
Timothy Sackton: it's more like if you're somebody who has regular business chart or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can sort of you can like get an exit basically what's an exit visa or something you can basically get like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a pseudo citizenship status and so again, and like if you're a citizens right but that's you know you're all clearly for your mostly clearly foreigners are certainly clearly not citizen so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the kingston chart audience be other races can begin and healthy a chart any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: indoors we tried it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's dwarves that our Charter, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, have you tell who is or isn't a cardone and just by race.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean 90% of people just assume that you're not human.
David: So imagine getting off of a ship that has just arrived and duck has a pretty strong and.
Timothy Sackton: yellow.
Mike Sackton: charter ideas must travel right, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There yeah.
But it wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's all it's all based on.
Timothy Sackton: I mean if they really if there's really a question if somebody doesn't believe you they cannot be like can say who can vouch for you.
Timothy Sackton: You got to go get somebody in the city is like yes there's you know.
Timothy Sackton: Right so there's the very much sort of you can certainly block try and bluff your way past right like this, you know kenzo may have left is way past them on the bridges, at some point in the past, but the the response if they don't believe you is.
Timothy Sackton: You know who can vouch for you, and then you need somebody who has high enough status to be known to vouch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The last name.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't think so, I mean.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Most people don't unless they're.
Timothy Sackton: Like fancy and rich.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And it, you know so so she sort of reminds you of this.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Unless you are have any other plans and you just leave that.
Timothy Sackton: You just sort of travel leave the boat, you know there's like customs agents, basically, who are standing around watching the docks and, as you leave and head to the city you're sort of taken aside and.
Timothy Sackton: Now this.
Timothy Sackton: This agent sort of.
Timothy Sackton: pulls you into the custom House which is sort of a you know blocky structure on the Wharf and there's.
Timothy Sackton: Rules of of the use of magic that are posted widely um that say all spells and magic used for violence and Chapman spying and illusions are transportations he's deceiver mislead are three forbidden in the city of charge on.
David: That would have been useful, before we looked in that commander Dudes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That wasn't charting.
Timothy Sackton: Also, the chairman.
The.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something like animating a row platter would seem to somehow squeeze between the cracks of all those things because.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's all seating anyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyone really.
Timothy Sackton: squeeze so what.
Timothy Sackton: um and and the real point of that so.
Timothy Sackton: You know the sort of customs agent, who has registered me the toll is not largest one silver per person.
Mike Sackton: um wait, what are we gonna like not always the boat, at the same time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah exactly we're not like going as a group we're like.
Timothy Sackton: You know interspersed yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we're not you know.
Timothy Sackton: Regarding in like one or two years right but you're all still leaving the boat right yeah, so this is not happening all the same time, each one again.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And you are also informed that you know weapons cannot be carried openly so.
Timothy Sackton: You got to store your gear.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A walking stick is fine.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right, did they blink at Armor.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cut over.
Timothy Sackton: There is that there are definitely people who walk around the city like with it empty sheet on Armor just.
Timothy Sackton: it's you know, the idea is to make it harder for people to start quite right.
Mike Sackton: and have that problem.
Timothy Sackton: that's true actually very few of you have that problem.
Timothy Sackton: yeah really only well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A little bit.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit.
Mike Sackton: A little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we'll go first so as to start the process and going to find kajsa.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he just goes through, because the do silver.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's not I mean you have to just write your name and your birthplace so basically it's it's a big ledger and the guy says, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have you read and understand the regulations of the city.
Timothy Sackton: near you.
Timothy Sackton: If you attach your sufficient funds or a place to stay for the length of your duration of your day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do.
Timothy Sackton: Please sign.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you enjoy your stay.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I literally like scribbled I didn't even like right like character like I just like kind of wrote like cursive you like assigning it, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this dude is like I like I felt like this guy's that is he, like a you know, like going up to my soul cited as you like you know, like super by the book here to just kind of just like I hate my job, this.
Timothy Sackton: is not really paying attention.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah I like I just I literally like scribble like it's not even legible like what the name is like scribbled, then you know.
Timothy Sackton: If he's not paying enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attention.
Timothy Sackton: To good okay.
Great.
Timothy Sackton: So you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Reading the cases.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can you can you can role play out whenever I get there.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you are coming off the ship in small groups or singly and heading where.
Kate: He said it was going to be around the docs or he said it was going to meet us.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can talk to Bobby whenever you want so.
Kate: yeah it's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right so we'll run de vous.
Eric Rosenbaum: At a an end that will be chooses maybe.
David: it's got something out.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're good there's a good number of ends around here I mean.
Timothy Sackton: This is a pretty sort of bustling part of the city.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The salty squid.
Timothy Sackton: looks promising.
Timothy Sackton: She has a relatively quiet clientele not too crowded but looks on the nicer end of things for the port.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you are just waiting at.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of come off in small groups and then are waiting at the.
Timothy Sackton: gather at the end is that i'm just trying to understand your point, or are you going to are you going to find your Professor friend or.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought we might just wait and.
Eric Rosenbaum: see what kinds of finds out first.
Kate: Maybe spend this hour, not necessarily all together and in even but maybe like you know.
Mike Sackton: Like a we.
Kate: pair of dwarf sightseeing for 30 minutes, and then the end just so we don't arrive at the same time is like i'm still hung up on this thing scattered and.
Kate: loosely connected thing.
Mike Sackton: yeah are we, like what's our plan, I mean sorry this is like a little bit just to answer this, but are we.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any sort of fear that anybody will hear about us or like are we trying to do anything to obfuscate ourselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should.
Kate: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just not any in public on group.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys were laying low you guys are splitting up and going into you know I mentioned a couple of ins that you guys could go and hang out in my just like you know being on a screen grab something to grab some refreshment chill out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're yeah we're gonna we're gonna meet up later at the squid but a good reason, maybe we could go check out the exotic animal hospital.
Kate: or.
David: A shout out all the streets around the end and figure out escape routes and then go pick up a local cercone and style was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice there you go.
Timothy Sackton: There you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it Tony and style hat look like.
Timothy Sackton: that's a good question, what does it look like.
Eric Rosenbaum: A fisherman's CAP or more like a cowboy hat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, I did a Google image search of charted and it is a bustling metropolis in Ohio.
David: I think it's like filtered rather than.
David: Moving to like it's it's will which wouldn't be around in Denmark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: xp feathers.
David: that's that's the sick.
David: And I think it's I think it's more a fashion hat than a utility that.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh to kind of fedora like with a narrow brim.
David: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or or no brand like a fez.
David: yeah I liked it a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just sort of a conical hat yeah.
David: Like a little skullcap company.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah skullcap.
Timothy Sackton: And then, some people have there's like the why some people have like wide brim falcon hats, but that's pretty atypical.
David: there's different people have like all sorts of ornamentation and right ostentatious stuff hanging down.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so kenzo it takes you maybe a little less than an hour to walk to the city and it's you know the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: place of a mile and a half away.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like 40 minutes right, I mean you're trying you're.
Timothy Sackton: sort of I seem like trying to kind of avoid the major streets and like just kind of sort of slip into you're more typical kinda.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but i'm moving quickly i'm not like.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: Like like 40 minutes or something um.
Timothy Sackton: You know and it's it's.
Timothy Sackton: Strange being back right, I mean not much has changed you you pass you pass by the lake walls of the imperial Palace you pass out of the the old city and three the.
Timothy Sackton: Pilots market which is full of.
Timothy Sackton: You know just tons of stuff pre sale and that and then has you know this big stone in the middle that's a.
Timothy Sackton: Cleaning stone, so you can sort of touch it and basically it washes washes your clothes, for you.
Timothy Sackton: People going past that the vibe I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it any different than last and most here is it like the people feel scared.
Timothy Sackton: People seem people see more.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost it.
Timothy Sackton: it's a little more passion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nationalistic like everybody's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like bloodthirsty.
Timothy Sackton: It feels almost more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oppressive.
Timothy Sackton: More wealth more wealth flowing there's like the market is busier than you ever remember seeing it.
Timothy Sackton: You know, people are are.
Timothy Sackton: Does maybe been a bit of gentrification in this neighborhood right people are well dressed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK, but so so there there's more like there's more like wealth inequality like it feels like like are the poor like looking like more destitute, or is it like.
Timothy Sackton: not really it seems like just the city is prospering right like there's everybody's got more food.
David: So to start it's just everybody's going.
David: into so disappointed by this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now this is this is this is this is, this is a veneer this is, this is a year, this is a veneer hiding fascist tendencies of the of the of the fucking empire, right here there's no way that the common man is happy right now right them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's just like just feels like just like evil right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right but.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo definitely.
Timothy Sackton: looks around city and and looks at the you know the the sort of well fed populace and thinks, you know, this is the, this is the emperor's the magister is is you know buying.
Timothy Sackton: The people.
Timothy Sackton: Turning a blind eye with food, and he can do is whether that's actually what's happening or just what kinds of things is not entirely.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to do is make contact with the political underclass and any kind of activists or protests community.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what that's what I saw is that kinda was represents that that's what these plugins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I grew up with him in the poor side of town like what by the change my mind that's why cochise even Kansas got like a lite version alright, so I get to catch this House.
Timothy Sackton: You got to kind of size you you you knock on the door and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get I get the I get the secret knock that he knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's me like it's like the kenzo not.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he.
Timothy Sackton: The door opens in the start and you see looking out add new.
Timothy Sackton: case you haven't seen in six years he seems to have age somewhat in the intervening time is you know when you laughed he was in his early 50s in his late 50s now but he's aged more than six years would suggest.
Timothy Sackton: wrinkles on his face is as scraggly black hair now with some streaks of Gray in it on.
Timothy Sackton: few days stubble with like little bits of white hair sticking out that he never used to have but still alive Lee faces he looks in surprise and joy, as you enter and sort of throws up his arms gives you a hug and says hands out kenzo come in.
Timothy Sackton: What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You look like how what happened to you I leave you for a couple days, and then you get you get a hold on me.
Timothy Sackton: friend, it has been many more than a couple days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: span.
Timothy Sackton: six.
Timothy Sackton: years since the last.
Timothy Sackton: Six years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we have a lot to catch up on the most important thing is number one is your House safe.
Timothy Sackton: Safe as it's always been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect number two i've got four companions with me to dwarfs and Elf, and a half length that's not the start of a bad joke.
Timothy Sackton: I your friends are my friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard anything about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anything about a two dwarfs that ethylene and health and done Mari doing things in the West and the southwest per se and done more.
Timothy Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You haven't heard my name mentioned in anything.
Timothy Sackton: No, I haven't.
Timothy Sackton: there's been.
Timothy Sackton: Some rumors of strange doings of.
Timothy Sackton: knoll attacks and and we're on the eastern border.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was all true me and my companions were responsible for all that, but we'll tell you more on if it's okay with you on what day is the day of the week is there anything.
Timothy Sackton: Tuesday
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you have any plans Tuesday night just look like a you know you'd like a game night or you know hang out with your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your free.
Timothy Sackton: No, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect um i'll be back in an hour with my for companions there a lovely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we would be very, very excited to talk with you about what is going on in charge and and i'll explain more why i'm here, unfortunately it's a short visit also, unfortunately, and you, you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably gathered being a little little discreet about this visit, so if you could not mentioned anybody that i'm here with us for companions that'd be great in our them gone, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I so i'm really fucking happy to see you on.
But I also.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I am quite pleased to see you as well, and.
Timothy Sackton: I will, I will be happy to.
Timothy Sackton: To meet your companions and he.
Timothy Sackton: will have some food and refreshments ready for them in an hour's time and he turns to like shake your hand and put his arms around and you notice a small tattoo on the inside of his rest of an eye.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: It looks something like.
Timothy Sackton: What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I recognize the tattoo Oh, is it is it one of my tattoos.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Nice.
Timothy Sackton: It looks something like that I just sent it in the text read.
Timothy Sackton: Can you remember what you drew.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I told her what I drew that one is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I want you could.
Timothy Sackton: You.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can cancel cancel books and it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of that habit rather.
Timothy Sackton: say you know about and he turns and he looks at you deeply for a moment he sounds.
Timothy Sackton: I knew, you would find your way.
Timothy Sackton: i'm so pleased.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was this your plan all along.
Timothy Sackton: I have hoped.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well there's more to discuss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That bone broth used to make.
Timothy Sackton: I can get some going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll be back in an hour.
Timothy Sackton: i'll see you soon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the hood hood back on hands out like on a mission hustling back we're meeting the southeast good.
Timothy Sackton: yep yep yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Presumably gets back to the southeast good with no no issues.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OPS into in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On i'm assuming you guys are all like not sitting together or this where's everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have a dwarf table that only has dwarf said it indoor things.
Eric Rosenbaum: you've written.
Nice.
David: athletes.
David: bar trading fashion tips for Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're so we always dealt with.
Mike Sackton: delta is happening bike I guess we'll have a bar.
Mike Sackton: Are there any humans here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's, this is a, this is a port port bar there's all sorts of sailors and traders and.
Timothy Sackton: it's more of a merchant.
Timothy Sackton: sailor.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: dealt with is going to.
Mike Sackton: Ask around about selling art.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's lots of people who are in charge and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The best place is probably.
Timothy Sackton: Thursdays at.
Mike Sackton: What day was today.
Timothy Sackton: Is Tuesday.
Timothy Sackton: At the.
Timothy Sackton: Not the kyla is market, but the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The the central market here that's near the port so.
Timothy Sackton: So this this market here.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's basically an art market or a portion of the market becomes an art market offers if you want the best price that's your best bet.
Timothy Sackton: But also lots of people in the university might be willing to might be interested in art or even the like you know the rich folks that live in states on so there's like this part this is like the chain light refineries in the slums over here but up here.
Timothy Sackton: There are a bunch of these like fancy merchant villains in a states.
Timothy Sackton: So lots of lots of rich merchants buy stuff too.
Timothy Sackton: But the most convenient option is the.
Timothy Sackton: Is the Thursday art market.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does anybody else have any conversations or she can arrive and.
Mike Sackton: I think kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so kind of kind of just described the you know first goes to the dwarf table, you know me outside of the alley around the back in five minutes just communicates that just like walk through quickly and just mentioned that everybody, and then it goes to the.
David: End of the lesson so classically see them come over.
David: All follow the rest of you and see for being tailed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you well, the perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Each outside in five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hands, it goes away from the alley.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't you discreetly.
Mike Sackton: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, we're on crisis here and we can meet at his place let's i'm going to take a lead, you guys i'll walk slow just a follow me keep it keep keep distance and we'll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meet in this House.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right sounds good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kinds of heads off at a brisk pace, but kind of you know, keeping an eye out, making sure that a companions are following him.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean the city is busy getting now towards late afternoon um.
Timothy Sackton: You know the there's a lot of there's a lot of activity, but it's not hard to to follow and.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody nobody seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: telling you, although well be why don't you make a perception check.
David: and especially looking for a tail.
David: Also, just in general weirdness.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean there there's a lot of sort of activity, but, but none of it seems to be particularly focused on you right, and you know half flings are common sight, you know, a couple of doors walking together is not that unusual um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody seems to be giving you a second thought.
Kate: It perceived in the any you know bakeries, we can grab some nice bread or something to bring us a hospitality.
Eric Rosenbaum: gift now that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So sweet.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah there's definitely baker is.
Timothy Sackton: get a few votes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: arizona's almost always my favorite.
Timothy Sackton: So you arrive at heathens House any motions you all in and then you said is it's not it's not a big place it's a small two storey apartment but he's got a you know, a.
Timothy Sackton: Sitting room and a in a kitchen small kitchen on the first floor with a study and then a bedroom upstairs and there's there's enough space for you all to kind of sit around the table and the sitting room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's kinda oh sorry.
Timothy Sackton: He looks he looks sort of at kensington like yeah with a glance like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so kinds of kinds of books versus convenience so it's my pleasure to introduce you to simultaneously the worst and the best of charting, and I mean the worst and the best possible way, and this is my my master and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: adopted father, you might say, hi so um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I grew up here, mostly when I wasn't wandering around in the city, so I really owe everything for this man um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, these are my companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll let them introduce themselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gestures that seat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, while the first.
David: will be.
Timothy Sackton: Here, to meet you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, these are handling he has an xp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're good at killing killing things with arrows.
Timothy Sackton: You can, Sir, he must be more than fine.
David: Well let's share the burden with the rest of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret of high keep.
pleasure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thanks for your help let's say a little bit more about yourselves like a fun fact or something This is like my dad here come on guys like it's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Little little more a little more engaging please.
David: Two truths and a lie.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I fancy myself a shaper and Carver of stone and have been engaging in a friendly collaborative slash competitive project with kenzo as he teaches himself to carve would.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have been carving would.
Timothy Sackton: I, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: guys know that.
Austin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rosalynn.
Kate: spin braun and bow.
Kate: tie come from the event the mountains and.
Kate: I have enough had picture traveling with cancer.
Timothy Sackton: lovely to meet you as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah she's really good at killing things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magic big weapons strong.
Kate: wasn't gonna lead with the killing things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just trying to just just so he understands like everybody's you know capabilities, if we get ambushed in five minutes.
Timothy Sackton: So if.
Timothy Sackton: that's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah no there, I mean i've gotten really good at killing things just so you know really good much better than what you remember um and then you know, last and least della.
harsh.
Mike Sackton: So, really.
Mike Sackton: dealt with.
Mike Sackton: From.
Mike Sackton: Here and there I guess.
Mike Sackton: I really many years ago.
David: that's an option for a century and a half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: long story short yeah wasn't it wasn't it was in a portal to another dimension from the Great War 250 years ago actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: bit of a specialist in the shadowy things.
Mike Sackton: yeah don't usually lead with that.
David: No that's why we have to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm trying to cut to the chase here for for case cases that we may not have a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: It has been a long time since i've spoken with an alpha, it is my pleasure.
David: You know, you said that now.
Kate: So we really all should have introduced yourself says hi I have a friend is kenzo he likes it when I kill things I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know i'm just i'm just sharing the most salient useful facts I said said start and they're all lovely people they're all lovely and.
Kate: You said you know, we think that with cooking when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah yeah done with this pretty good at cooking actually not not as good as you guys so but but uh but quite quite good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've been well fed.
Timothy Sackton: I am only a possible to work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With and.
Just.
Timothy Sackton: So what brings you off the chart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so this is where it gets a little complicated all the rumors that you've heard about the East about knowles and all that stuff that was basically us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And part of what's.
Mike Sackton: He didn't, just to clarify.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: we're not we didn't bring the nose here we we we killed the note.
David: yeah the solution.
Mike Sackton: The solution Quetzal I think is.
Mike Sackton: He may be implying that that we that we are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no, no, no, we, I mean actually it's good to say this now, I appreciate that dealt with, because I, so I think on his recollection of me from six years ago it's probably different than, then you know how I am now, which is much more responsible on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anyway, anyways Chi so so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have arrived here i'm hopefully beating news of our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: adventures in the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we would very, very much like to learn more about the current state of affairs and chart in, in particular, if you know anything about the society via open scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've encountered them quite a bit over the past number of months and we believe that there is a corruption within the order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something evil is a foot in particular there and we'd love to learn more about that in the general state of affairs of the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else everybody that we want to China climate on.
David: Even more to the point we promised and imprison storm giant to recover his eyes that were stolen by the society, the open scroll so we're here to negotiate for them and don't really have a plan for how to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's a matter of a certain chalice as well.
David: But.
Mike Sackton: But even more than that, is there anybody at the society, the open scroll who.
Mike Sackton: would negotiate in good faith, we have some.
Mike Sackton: Valuable items to trade.
Kate: And the doors for willing to negotiate for what the society has as a people, but we did not know if there were any good actors with whom to negotiate in good faith.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and then one other thing before too long, I don't know if it's days or weeks probably like a week on members of the society be open squalor going to come back to chart and who want to kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other, the reason why discretion is useful also why we're not going to be here very long.
David: to actively kill us but they're also going to not actively not kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and also if they knew that we were here, they would, I think that would actively try to capture us.
Mike Sackton: And and and I think if we saw them on the street, we might be tempted to actively try to kill them.
David: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: we're that.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're bringing a lot of trouble with us kind of so.
Mike Sackton: there's some.
Mike Sackton: there's some baggage a bit of a feud here.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You seem to lead a very complicated life now kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly, I try i'm fine i'm fine very much to simplify my life but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It feels like the complication seems to calm us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to be clear, the society, the open scroll attack us tried to kill us and rob us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there's clearly some demonic evil forces that are at play within the scroll open society, the society, because there are those trying to escape and we befriended and anyways so anything that you can share based on this little bit of contacts would be immensely appreciate it pulls.
out.
Timothy Sackton: As you know, kenzo my.
Timothy Sackton: relationship with the society or the open score is not a.
Timothy Sackton: Good one.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe now you understand more and he kind of perhaps wrist or why could not share everything I learned on my travels with them as requested.
Timothy Sackton: And chose to.
Timothy Sackton: accept my expulsion and rather than share my.
David: You were a member of the society open school.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah many, many people are members it's a.
Timothy Sackton: learned society of.
Timothy Sackton: explorers and scholars where.
Timothy Sackton: People meet for tea to discuss the latest book.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Bible.
Timothy Sackton: Many years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was it that you learned that you cannot share.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of works over all of you, it is not something I can share with you either.
Timothy Sackton: But cancer knows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do I know.
Mike Sackton: That chicken is great.
David: Oh, this is like a mist I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: The heart of chicken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait Am I am I am never.
Timothy Sackton: gonna pick that up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoo.
Mike Sackton: whoo as are both missed I have shaquille.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, but the being a miss tasha clean means that you're a member of the society oh.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, something that he knows all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That oh.
Mike Sackton: He didn't want to tell the society, the open scroll all budget concert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, I got it okay okay sorry sorry I thought that, like life by becoming a mustache crew and that with that got you it's like a triple A membership it gets you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A bomb, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scroll that and know.
Mike Sackton: What do we buy that just for what do we actually I know we forgot some of what we knew about chicken.
Timothy Sackton: You you remember the heart, but you everybody except kenzo doesn't know has forgotten the the like web of power that that powers, the the like illusion wall at the border.
Mike Sackton: But the existence of the heart and the fact that there is an illusion still.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you just don't know.
Timothy Sackton: The details of how it works just became incredibly fuzzy and you can't quite remember the details.
Kate: But even there I couldn't remember what I was there for and what i've just heard about.
Kate: reason was I didn't think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a was was Chi so always remember this.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just never cried not see the tattoo until after I became a Member is our with us yep cool I like that can they see besides you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: haha secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, I get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It um.
But.
Timothy Sackton: This was 15 years ago, or more.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have many contacts left in the society I.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know a few folks at the university.
Timothy Sackton: will sell yeah my my old teacher on the Faculty of magic.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure I could get her to talk to you, she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: problem.
Timothy Sackton: So we have managed to stay friends.
Timothy Sackton: Despite sorry go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No just the problem is, is that we believe the society is corrupted we don't know when the corruption began it could have been you know 15 years ago the society was all benevolent and just was doing their thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On this could be a recent phenomenon, this could be an old phenomenon, but I trust you I don't know if I trust anybody else, frankly, I guess, if you trust them but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I i'd vouch for for my own friend on the Faculty of metaphysics over at the university who might have also have recent information about the activities of the society.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay that's a start.
Mike Sackton: Ultimately we're going to have to.
Mike Sackton: Trust somebody in this society or or or.
Mike Sackton: won't.
Mike Sackton: Alternatively, will have to support.
Mike Sackton: resort to subterfuge instead of.
well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here's the thing, why does it have to be us that's negotiating it because they're kind of looks at guy so.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's.
Timothy Sackton: burn my bridges with them.
Timothy Sackton: They will not speak with me.
Timothy Sackton: That whole academic world is.
Timothy Sackton: Gone now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if your friend might be able to on seeker, I wonder if your friend might be able to negotiate in our place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we never reveal our day our identities all.
Eric Rosenbaum: hose gar he's he's a diehard academic he's an old stir and you know always got his nose buried in a in an old dusty tome so I don't know if he'd be one drive a hard bargain and.
Mike Sackton: How well do you know him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, like I can't I was came through town only for a few weeks.
Timothy Sackton: I think you probably stayed with him for that.
Timothy Sackton: Time so you knew him pretty well but yeah like he stayed with him for two weeks.
Mike Sackton: he's more of a collaborator than a deep friend.
Mike Sackton: And mentor.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So is it is there anybody, you know in this in this society still you mentioned this other colleague of yours.
Timothy Sackton: My own teacher will separate itself is the only one is still speaks up to be perfectly honest.
Timothy Sackton: i'm my attention and focus elsewhere lately.
Timothy Sackton: Inspired by you actually can so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's your attention focused.
Timothy Sackton: proliferate proliferation of light in this city is not, I think a.
Timothy Sackton: good thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whereas it proliferated to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't say everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The new magister is.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if we talked about this much when you live with me I didn't know as much, then, but his family, they are time family has control the light trade for.
Timothy Sackton: decades.
Timothy Sackton: Since.
Timothy Sackton: Since the magister is aren't took power.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if it was.
Timothy Sackton: As I say, I have not connected to the academic side of things anymore, these days, and I don't know what power struggles have gone on, but.
Timothy Sackton: In the past three four years since he came back from the glory and wars.
Timothy Sackton: The the major guard.
Timothy Sackton: i've been everywhere, with their che light and there has been more of them.
Timothy Sackton: drawing power, not from their training or their.
Timothy Sackton: inborn abilities, but from a light.
Timothy Sackton: And I think.
Timothy Sackton: What it did to you open my eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there shayla weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As a weaponized it.
David: What to do to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scars.
Timothy Sackton: Not just that.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Environment you grew up in.
Timothy Sackton: The North side of town not pretty.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if they're making weapons, but they use it to power, their spouse.
Timothy Sackton: They use it to.
Timothy Sackton: Give magic too many people who would not otherwise have the ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: See the canal service was that power, but she liked it looked like it might have been there was a crystal and powder involved.
Timothy Sackton: That That would be a light yes.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: They were collars the naval mages.
Eric Rosenbaum: Blue eyes yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be some way, this is a character of a game where like people have like turn a light into like weird addictive like psychoactive drugs and shit and you can like you know snort it and, like you know, like right there must be some like crazy subculture of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sort of the guts of charting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the Spice or something.
yeah.
Kate: Recreational tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe it could be used for explosives or.
Eric Rosenbaum: plastics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, car Kenya I don't see an arcane know you guys got a fucking watch arcane arcane it's just like it's like that's just sort of imagining that tend to just like these.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's like the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect chart in in like 100 like 30 years right it's like it's like our team yeah it's just like you know it's it's amazing it's a great show incredibly well animated and it's totally charting it's like yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM do I knew anything about about like functional magical properties of taillight or its.
Eric Rosenbaum: History or other things, but.
Timothy Sackton: and make our economy check.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a favorite kind of chick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should know something about Shanghai.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm surprised you wouldn't have like in your in your past like tried to help that might have been part of your research collaboration with this this dude is about.
So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so I mean you do that.
Timothy Sackton: You know something about that um so the the.
Timothy Sackton: The idea behind it, is that it is um.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's effectively like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lillian in the bottle.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so it so people might it from places where there's been Leyland concentration and then it's purified and you can use it to cast spells without needing style slots or or.
Timothy Sackton: Even necessarily the ability to normally cast spells like it can be sort of it's it's almost programmable right, like you, can you can distill a light to be a particular spell and then grind it up and then somebody can cast that spell without.
Timothy Sackton: sort of like a spell school.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I can be these like a light.
Timothy Sackton: gems that contain certain spells many people can also use it to power, their own magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is on proportionality to it like Oh, I want like a fireball but 100 times as large, so I just need 100 times as much chill it.
Timothy Sackton: I like it yeah at scale sub linearly so you would need more than 100 times right and there's limits to magic, but the downside to it, is that people people burn out.
Timothy Sackton: And you, you know the rumor is that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, every time you use it there's some small chance that it will fry your soul and you'll wander around this empty.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, a zombie.
Timothy Sackton: Whether this actually happens you don't really know you've never seen anything like this, you don't see these people walking around chart and but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe they're being swept off somewhere and hidden or being used in the army's on the frontier or something right like that that what you have read, is that it has, I mean the dwarves explored this and have not used challenge or it's been sort of.
Timothy Sackton: it's been frowned upon in Durban more because it carries these really serious risks, the more the more you use it, the more dangerous it becomes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well there's a perspective on it that it.
Eric Rosenbaum: throws the natural resonance of the different planner systems, out of balance, because it complicated stuff asymmetrically takes things out of the system.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's very much I like.
Timothy Sackton: disrupt the balance of magic type thing yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the more you mind on with it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: If you can get your hands on a lot of it, it allows you to create an army of majors really quick.
Kate: Which is happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how do you suggest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you have any thoughts on one if we can find out if the society has these these giant is and to if there's a way that you can imagine us figuring out how to negotiate with them.
Timothy Sackton: I would talk to talk to my friend.
Timothy Sackton: rusty Leah.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe resilience resilient.
Kate: connect us to the law.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could just sending all if you wanted to connect to her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's true.
Kate: you're right.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
David: What is my super.
Timothy Sackton: rusty Leah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean she's well connected in the university.
Timothy Sackton: If there are.
Timothy Sackton: seems likely, she would know if there are.
Timothy Sackton: Strange artifacts on your study or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: You want to know what.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead.
David: She know the value of the giant says, I mean one.
David: One thing that makes negotiation difficulties are these.
David: Interesting curiosities or are these items of unfathomable power we don't want to overpay or under offer.
Timothy Sackton: You can certainly ask her she's on the Faculty of magic she has been.
Timothy Sackton: Teaching at the university for decades.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's your what's your specialty.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Back in my day when I was her student, it was.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know that she had a specialty so much as she was she enjoyed.
Timothy Sackton: Teaching students who were taking their first steps in the magical arts.
Timothy Sackton: She was a.
Timothy Sackton: She was a mentor to many, many people coming through the university coming to the higher faculties anyway.
Timothy Sackton: She had little patience for undergraduates and I believe still does.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: She was a is a talented spell caster as well.
Timothy Sackton: Her.
Timothy Sackton: personal skills and more towards divination.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I don't know what we don't talk much anymore.
Timothy Sackton: When I refuse to share my.
Timothy Sackton: secrets with the society.
Timothy Sackton: She is still speaks with me, I still consider her a friend, but I can tell she's disappointed in my choices.
Timothy Sackton: I think she thinks I could have been.
Timothy Sackton: I could have I could have chosen a different path one more to her liking.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it was your loyalty to the culture shock, one that prevented you from revealing it's magical secrets to the society.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, let's just say yes, I.
Timothy Sackton: Do not believe that.
Timothy Sackton: you're not believe the.
Timothy Sackton: desire to concentrate all magical knowledge in one place as necessarily wise.
Timothy Sackton: In the same way, I do not believe that using a light as a shortcut to spell casting is wise.
Timothy Sackton: There is a reason why.
Timothy Sackton: The most powerful wizards train for decades.
Timothy Sackton: Do not think we should shortcut that process.
Kate: Are there people seeking.
Kate: demonstrable.
Kate: bad sides of these things that we into it to be wrong, such that they could be used to persuade the more common populace.
Kate: that something is amiss.
Kate: Are there activists and educators.
Kate: In the space.
Kate: in charge.
Timothy Sackton: Of what looks over at kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Your friend friends of Kansas, and I trust him but.
Timothy Sackton: cannot believe I should share too much of the.
Timothy Sackton: Let us say the political resistance in this city.
Timothy Sackton: Do you not want to put you in danger, should you be faced with.
Timothy Sackton: Questioning or.
Timothy Sackton: A situation where somebody might ask you things that you wish you didn't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
Kate: I respect your discretion, we just need to understand the malevolent forces at work, so that we do not stumble into them and so any guide that's the guidance that I seek from the wisdom that these people might have.
Timothy Sackton: And i'll say my interest.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, my focus is.
Timothy Sackton: my deep concern now is the taillight trade.
Timothy Sackton: And I do not believe that has much.
Timothy Sackton: did not believe that as much impact on the people you see guns.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: wizards and scholars of the university and the great library and the atari magic.
Timothy Sackton: also looked down upon.
Timothy Sackton: The che light mages as.
Timothy Sackton: lesser creatures as.
Timothy Sackton: cheats and scoundrels.
Kate: But the lizard will seek are trying to amass power, and we do not know to what end if it is to balance the politics chart and push back against the taillight mages or if it is to wage war against other kingdoms or both.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know what.
Timothy Sackton: dark forces, you see, in the.
Timothy Sackton: Society or the university.
there's nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's nothing about the open scroll that's gotten weirder and more suspicious recently.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, I don't speak to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah all right.
David: We should meet with your friends.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He can you arrange to meet with the meat.
Timothy Sackton: I am happy to arrange a meeting I will I will send a message tonight, I will send a letter tonight, I would warn you i'm.
Timothy Sackton: She is.
Timothy Sackton: She is formal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm okay.
Kate: I can be funny that will leave.
Kate: Leave with you.
David: I got this happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: very formal.
Timothy Sackton: She will expect that.
Timothy Sackton: corner decorum and forms to be made.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Around Rom only rough around the edges of the UK.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And my companions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps in the meantime I could drop in on old car.
Mike Sackton: And everybody else you've met.
Well, I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beyond it, I mean I certainly know how to follow decorum I am in this dynamic three different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know monastic orders which are nominally pretty formal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I did die several times by the way, so so.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just glad to see you.
Timothy Sackton: Try good one peace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thriving is a strong word but alive is more accurate.
Mike Sackton: Most of the time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Most of the time, I am most the dead.
The dispute this is actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot more dead than I am alive, since you've not been since we last part of that's for sure.
Timothy Sackton: I believe rusty Leah will need will not be.
Timothy Sackton: will not be able to see you on the drop of a hat, but may I suggest say.
Timothy Sackton: whether she would be free for.
Timothy Sackton: An afternoon tea tomorrow or the day following.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect can we do it here.
Timothy Sackton: She will want to meet you at her place.
Timothy Sackton: This is not.
Timothy Sackton: sufficiently formal setting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She part of the society.
Timothy Sackton: She was when I was.
Timothy Sackton: We don't speak of such things anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is challenging I mean do we all show up for this meeting, or just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One or two of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You trust her.
Timothy Sackton: she's still speaks with me, I consider her a friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
Kate: can do the formal academic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have experience in.
Eric Rosenbaum: University circles, a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's actually not bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe that is the route that have this be more of an academic trade than a.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe that might be the trick actually procedure to inquire about these eyes and have some items that he could trade.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I was wondering, that if there's something which he respond well to an offer of information in exchange for information.
Mike Sackton: think we should meet her and discuss I mean do we need a pretext for why we are meeting.
Mike Sackton: plugins like.
Mike Sackton: del mar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we if she's a member of the society of the open scroll and we show up as a done Mari two doors an Elf it'll be pretty fucking obvious who we are within maybe even instantly.
Eric Rosenbaum: My guess is that their affections that work within the.
Mike Sackton: Society.
Eric Rosenbaum: That aren't necessarily aware of, but they're not all aware of this, one that we've been tangling with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I understand, but maybe maybe it makes sense to send seeker alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As an academic who already has a friend within the Academy.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just learn more information about the about the or maybe the two of us since i'm i'm cases.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we can share a little bit about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah we can discern a little bit more about what's going on here, I can read her, I have a good sense of her aura and figure out if she's trustworthy.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might be simpler for me to talk to or first we could all meet with him or I could go Hello.
David: I.
David: don't disagree with you can zoom.
David: I think there's a lot of wisdom in that my only hesitation is the times of the essence, we may not get a second meeting if there's a question that is imposed or an offer that doesn't mean that moment, may not have a second chance to do that.
Mike Sackton: I also don't know what we're expecting to do in terms of hiding our identities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look worst case scenario worst case and there's a number there's a lot of worst case scenarios Brasilia is in league with the dark parts of this society and recognizes us instantly and then you know the iron gets close and we get fucked.
Mike Sackton: If it was in league with the dark forces seeker alone will not escape her detection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why wouldn't you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why not just a single dorf.
Mike Sackton: Who introduces himself as seeker of high keep.
Mike Sackton: going to go with fake I mean we do not have a plan for being other people here.
David: And our our approach fundamentally is to make contact and negotiate with the people who have the eyes, who are presumably the dark part and.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: What I did tell volo we're not who she knows we are.
Kate: yeah like I two points of contact or this woman.
Kate: Who, we could presumably pretend to be somebody else with or Bola who we can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have both a different story.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: I think we either need to.
Mike Sackton: Have a well developed fake persona and send somebody who can pull off a well developed fake persona.
Mike Sackton: Or we need to just.
Mike Sackton: Trust that.
Mike Sackton: The society is not that the people we are meeting or not so.
Mike Sackton: Over whelmed by this dark force that they will strike at us instantly as, ultimately, there we don't believe anybody, we have committed crimes right.
Mike Sackton: We do not believe anybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: else della.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember what we carry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember what they want most.
David: But I think, though, there are two possibilities that it boils down to fundamentally.
David: Your what the society knows is everything cadmus knew about us right and everything that means and they'll come at us with what they've got in order to take what they can or the society knows what volta knows about us.
David: are pushed to get here quickly.
David: was in the hopes of arriving before cadmus news got here.
David: Again, but is that the society knows us as explorers and adventures of Eastern donmar who came across the giants tower who perhaps foolishly made an agreement with this giant now seek the eyes.
David: I think that's the gamble that we make and seeking out the the negotiation with them.
David: Present herself in that way and get out of town before that no surprise.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the one thing that we might make a tiny modicum of a plan for is rapid escape.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just quick questions on that.
Eric Rosenbaum: is flying against the law in and of itself no so.
Eric Rosenbaum: know how many.
Timothy Sackton: Not enchantment it's not.
Timothy Sackton: chasing her vision would be tend to see you it's not spying.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can animate my ladder that can carry just me is that true.
Timothy Sackton: I cannot.
Mike Sackton: I can make to me and somebody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I can't fly forever on letter I believe that's only a minute so.
A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, if the first turns out to be true, and we are wanted by cardone and authorities or the society here in charleston they're going to capture us and tell us exactly.
David: No other plans are relevant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's it's there were five okay that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That happens if they come out of salesforce there's no way we can.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true well be I like your idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other approach which I had not thought about is you do present ourselves openly as the heroes have done more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On and our our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: accomplish accomplishments.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the East, maybe known at some level here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or maybe not I don't know, maybe, maybe there is it feels like we have to go public we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: semi public where we don't reveal our identities, but we're not making a big deal about ourselves, or we go subterfuge.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's the extra public version, where we publicly announced yesterday.
Eric Rosenbaum: lecture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: demonstration and performance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, the storytelling about our heroism.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, guys out kind of leans over to the table and says.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to speak with Brasilia soon, I must send a message tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what time is ticking.
Timothy Sackton: What do you think we should do I tell her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think we should do so.
Timothy Sackton: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're the you're the one adult at the stable, what do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know the.
Timothy Sackton: whole story of.
Timothy Sackton: Your history here I don't know this CAD most character or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me ask you this.
Timothy Sackton: Fantastic character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the is the society vanishing people at night or other people that you're aware of that are suddenly getting disappeared into dark places and charting is shut like that happening.
Timothy Sackton: charton is a big city.
Timothy Sackton: Lots of stuff happens to lots of.
Timothy Sackton: People but I.
Timothy Sackton: I do not follow the.
Timothy Sackton: goings on in the academic quarter these days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so you all want to just adjust your honor.
Timothy Sackton: Other problems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You all just want to meet her up and then.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps without our scrap of cloth.
David: I think it's safer with us then.
Timothy Sackton: Is it still in a red box around bobby's neck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Scott.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So what should I what should I tell her why you would like to speak with her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let her know that we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want to be direct we can let her know that we're interested in trading for items.
David: I might suggest we let her know.
David: That we explored you don't miss this Tower.
David: and have questions and consultation and stories of what we found inside.
David: The scenes look at my.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I agree, I agree with that very much.
Kate: Good framing.
Timothy Sackton: I like it, I may pique your interest and just just to be clear kenza.
Timothy Sackton: Society.
Timothy Sackton: Of the open scroll is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, at least when I knew it because no.
Timothy Sackton: organization.
Timothy Sackton: there's no.
Timothy Sackton: there's no hierarchy does there was a secretary, who is elected.
Timothy Sackton: um there's a treasurer.
Timothy Sackton: But it's mostly.
Timothy Sackton: A group of.
Timothy Sackton: it's mostly scholars who.
Timothy Sackton: You know, need to.
Timothy Sackton: debate and argue.
Mike Sackton: There is.
Mike Sackton: Had most.
Mike Sackton: Man, we met on the road and his companions.
Mike Sackton: were terrified of punishment and ill consequences for them, they returned to chart in no items.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: does not sound like a society I knew a decade ago.
Timothy Sackton: sounds nothing like the society, I know.
Kate: People.
Kate: These people living in fear, why we feel there's a corruption and why we're even hesitant or hesitant to contact, a woman, we knew a few months ago, for fear that in that time she has been corrupted and now lives under that fear and would act against us.
Kate: So one thing we could do is also plan to connect with her and.
Kate: You know check her out or wise and see if she.
Kate: should see this.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it turns out.
Mike Sackton: that's probably a good idea, actually, but also tie so without.
Mike Sackton: Is there without telling us about your network, sir.
Mike Sackton: You know, without asking for you to reveal any secrets nonetheless.
Mike Sackton: it's there anyone, you know who might be able to poke around or answer a question about this, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Is it.
Mike Sackton: It seems like something has changed dramatically and what used to be a.
Mike Sackton: pleasant part of the church Tony and academic life.
Kate: And more someone with whom we should share our knowledge.
Mike Sackton: I guess, of course, we don't even know I mean perhaps cadmus was lying.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps the society doesn't even know the society has changed.
could be s.
David: At the puzzle you stand at the edge of an unknown territory and.
David: The only way to discover, it is by moving into it.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I think talking to herself to about you don't miss this Tower is very.
Mike Sackton: good first step and tell our story.
Mike Sackton: share what we found there.
Mike Sackton: and ask about the eyes.
Kate: Maybe the love would see us sooner and we could connect with her as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe you can message me directly at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Kate: If I messaged her we have an instant connection, but in terms of meeting her.
Mike Sackton: You could meet her to as well.
Kate: yeah.
David: What about breakfast with the Durban scholar tea with.
David: The friend and dinner with Ebola.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love it.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's let's move this ahead yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: I will send the message and.
Timothy Sackton: hope she is free for tomorrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let her know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let her know that we were only in town for a few days.
Timothy Sackton: And I will tell her that and I was time well.
Timothy Sackton: I will pique your interest with the stories of this Tower and see where that leads.
Mike Sackton: don't miss it was a.
drink Korean made.
Mike Sackton: That helps pique your interest.
Timothy Sackton: In May.
Also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the name of the demos, the name of the guy that a new shit about Ryan, the the.
David: With Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Nice Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know it didn't you know Nice or not Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see if any of you.
Timothy Sackton: Know Sally and as more of the university than almost anybody if he is associated she won't.
Kate: We won't ask him, did we have another name about someone in the society that we wanted to.
Kate: Either avoid or.
Timothy Sackton: know about well there's Christmas to marcella told you about.
Kate: that's what I was trying to think of.
Eric Rosenbaum: A status update on marcella.
Kate: Last night, she was.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah trapped in a cave.
Kate: very precarious.
David: I think it's been.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's been.
Timothy Sackton: it's been like four or five days.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so he goes off to.
Timothy Sackton: write to write the letter.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of looks goes pays a messenger copper to run it over.
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully she will have time to write back tonight, so you can make your plans do you have a place to stay you're certainly welcome to cram in here if.
Timothy Sackton: You don't mind tight squeeze.
Eric Rosenbaum: That might be wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and I think that sounds good i'll definitely stay here, we could you know want seeker maybe it could be one or two of you, if you want other accommodations but.
Mike Sackton: I must admit.
Mike Sackton: staying here seems like if we are wanted it does nothing but put kinds of at risk if we are not wanted it seems uncomfortable.
Timothy Sackton: that's a fair point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm staying here but i've dealt with feel free to stay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wherever you want man oh.
Timothy Sackton: Since private pilot's market if you don't want to go too far.
David: To go find a hassling in it's always nice to have a red size bed, as long as i'm in the city.
Kate: And I also think that adore urban in where you know I couldn't meet some more of the locals and find out things here.
Mike Sackton: Each fleas to his own race and leaves.
Mike Sackton: There are no elven in.
David: This is really good on that.
or.
Mike Sackton: The elves are all dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can stay here with the humans, if you want, though.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps I will, if everybody else's departing.
Kate: You more to come explore read for you.
Kate: We just leaving to make more room for.
You.
Timothy Sackton: So.
All.
Mike Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: If you're going to send sending messages tonight, what do you who are you going to send messages do.
Kate: i'm.
Kate: Just, I guess, we could.
Kate: I I can, if it's ritual or something right I don't have to like.
know.
Kate: it's you're about to go to sleep.
You can use.
Kate: But it's it's just like it's not.
Kate: it's just something or something yeah yeah okay So yes, I will do messaging for both reaching out to Bola to make casual social plans for tomorrow evening.
Kate: hey we're in town.
Mike Sackton: And when it when it makes sense to start by just introducing that like you didn't you travel with both separately for a while, after we left.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Kate: hey i'm in town.
Mike Sackton: place yeah just like just like to see does she respond with.
Mike Sackton: Is she like normal.
Mike Sackton: Before you tell it like.
Mike Sackton: As well as likely that raise one by years by herself is on somebody's radar.
Kate: mm hmm right.
Kate: yeah.
Mike Sackton: You could even tell her you're in town trying to trying to.
Mike Sackton: negotiate for dwarfing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Things and that's better or better and then she showed up to the meeting with Richmond and we're all there yeah.
Kate: No or to learn about the feasibility of.
Kate: yeah who don't have to even go about approaching.
Kate: It and you know.
Kate: People the dwarves are considering approaching.
Mike Sackton: yeah exactly.
Mike Sackton: Any.
Mike Sackton: She would be a very reasonable person to reach out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right.
Kate: Exactly yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's what you do anyways if we were not here, you would just ready.
Kate: Yes, well, aside from the like deep just trust and hatred that I.
Kate: You know from emulate emanated at her like every moment of our interactions.
Kate: Of course, I would call her up when i'm in town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You didn't like all.
Kate: know because the only thing I knew about people from charted was that they were stealing artifacts.
Kate: I really wanted to get.
Kate: The brown envelopes back.
Mike Sackton: i'm sorry I just trusted you and kind of hate you because you're stealing things from my people, which is true, so I should distress do it, he but he helped me get the stolen things back.
Kate: Yes, that's are complicated relationship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no but, but just just as a reminder on you know, from what I remember of bullets, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bola with like marsala like Bola Bola.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bola I think was aware of some corruption but was also not not with it.
Kate: Well i'm hoping she's that's The thing is, issues that you see that Bola.
Mike Sackton: mean.
Mike Sackton: she's in she might not be interested, we have no idea, she could be like.
David: yeah let's find out by talking to her.
Mike Sackton: Yes, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Kate: Exactly so.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Like what do something, instead of just doing something.
Kate: senescent the messenger.
Kate: tries the messenger message is a distillation of like 25 words of i'm in town, are you in charge, and would you like to meet for dinner tomorrow night yes.
Timothy Sackton: I don't.
Kate: I don't necessarily have to explain all of my motives.
Kate: Right no I don't.
Timothy Sackton: have enough words to excited yeah you don't we don't need account the word she.
Timothy Sackton: She says back Rizwan.
Timothy Sackton: nice to hear from you, I thought you hated me.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: i'm free tonight, but not tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: Care to me.
Kate: Sure, I mean I is there infinite back and forth with this like.
Timothy Sackton: No now she would say care to meet at.
Timothy Sackton: X place, you have to cast them again to do another round of messages, but you have like three spouse so.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you can cast another one to make plans were to me.
Kate: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And where's a good spot to meet like quiet in.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, she would suggest something sort of in like a like basically like a Grad student bar over in the Academy district.
Timothy Sackton: Where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I think that's a good place to.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you spent hardly any time over there, but.
Timothy Sackton: it's seems reasonable to you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's so many taverns around charted like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can throw a stone and hit one right so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: There she knows a quiet like Grad student bar over by the University that since it's the ball and I just don't want somewhere that super you know tons of traffic coming in and out.
David: I mean, yes that's a good plan risk mccune some chicken and Marcel.
Kate: Yes, that was my next phone call.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody bought it for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Kate: I am rolling.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you say to Mars just checking in are you alive.
Kate: yeah basically where you live.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or Where are you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are you and are you still with the you know that most.
has approved.
Timothy Sackton: On the back exit.
Timothy Sackton: He gave up, I think, two days ago.
Timothy Sackton: Heading East as fast as I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: East.
Kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Either way.
Mike Sackton: She was Marcel was going to some bar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or um.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, maybe to find refuge to the stone dorm for some time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we tell her to seek out our friend.
Kate: Well, we didn't want me already connected to some people, and some are.
David: Similar but the stone boerner Alexis.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should yeah we should connect her with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Johnny odd.
Timothy Sackton: But God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God yeah perfect.
Timothy Sackton: But resume and never metric constant you can't sending your cod sadly.
Kate: huh no.
Eric Rosenbaum: But she could ask.
Kate: If i'm right.
Kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Next time you send a message to our salad you can describe.
Timothy Sackton: Your calendar.
Kate: You probably won't get this done before, and before I say.
Timothy Sackton: it'll be up to you again so it's not like I should spend another slot right now but.
Timothy Sackton: If she if she escaped two days ago, that means presumably cadmus is on his way to chart and now sorry, two days ago but there's actually this whole marsala escape plan has given you a fair bit more time because.
Timothy Sackton: They are still presumably 500 miles charter.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Timothy Sackton: They were like because it took them a week.
Eric Rosenbaum: Several yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So even if they're traveling 30 miles a day right it's gonna be two weeks before they're here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, like 10 to 10 to 13 days, given that it was two days ago that they gave up the hunt.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate: Playing ladder.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: After a light dinner with Okay, so you all have you had that into the city to go meet for are just friends.
Mike Sackton: I think all of us right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As well blow our cover all at once.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the.
scholar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said if there's a smaller yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just the university pub I mean obviously that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a real one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That shut down.
Eric Rosenbaum: In memory of.
Timothy Sackton: The memory of the thirsty scholar it's reopened in.
Eric Rosenbaum: charity.
Kate: Oh, can we reopen all of our intern.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know right.
Timothy Sackton: Right, the gcb.
Timothy Sackton: Was that other one is from the lake.
Timothy Sackton: I forget what it was anyway, yes, so you.
Kate: I was wrong about the way that brand I was thinking about the wind at.
Timothy Sackton: cornell know the chapter, the chapter gets.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah we can totally have the chapter house in charge, and so perfectly good medieval bar name.
Timothy Sackton: So you you sort of wander to the city now heading towards the sort of academic area and the the like density of the towers as high as tearing on.
Timothy Sackton: The the most of the ones that are sort of clearly magical right, so a lot of them are just towers, but the ones in this part of town often have like like you see one that's got a.
Timothy Sackton: snake coiling up the sides that's constantly moving, just like a spiral snake that slivers often then when it gets to the top of disappears off the top of it starts again the bottom it starts with the right up to the bottom again.
Timothy Sackton: I see one that.
Timothy Sackton: You see one that's surf crashing like the surf crashes over the Tower then retreats.
Timothy Sackton: starts there certainly seems to be a bit of like you know.
Timothy Sackton: show off it and this here, but you you approach the thirsty scars it's not super crowded.
Timothy Sackton: This early this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of post dinner law it'll probably get more credit, as the night goes on.
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's a small it's just a tavern it's, not an end there's no rooms, or anything it's just a small one story.
Timothy Sackton: Building sort of a few blocks from the University itself but on a little side street kind of out of the main out of the main drag but it's not it's not too hard to find.
Timothy Sackton: So you approach.
Timothy Sackton: go in and you see wala sitting by herself.
Timothy Sackton: Out of on a table sort of off to the side a little bit she's got she's got a beer um she looks.
Timothy Sackton: unchanged from when you when you matters it doesn't have her Armor and weapons at the moment, although your recollection is that she manifested nihilism psychic energy anyway so maybe she doesn't need to carry weapons i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM didn't we have a telepathic conversation bull and I.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She did initiate that.
Timothy Sackton: She initiated that yeah.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: She looks up as you enter.
Timothy Sackton: And she looked she sees you know risen first and then she sees all of you, in her sort of eyes.
Timothy Sackton: wow it's a reunion.
Timothy Sackton: Should I got more bloody beer.
Timothy Sackton: Or you buy in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The first round.
David: Will each take a turn, are you doing both.
Mike Sackton: cheapskates ah.
Mike Sackton: whereby don't worry don't worry.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think things are okay i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The muscles better what's her is she like she like happy to see us nervous to see us anxious like what's your reaction.
Timothy Sackton: um she's so she is.
Timothy Sackton: Making an inside check actually.
So check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, I need a minute to make it inside show.
Kate: What is it a different tax and charted today asked her what her favorite is.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One second Oh, plus six inside that's Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inside check.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: She is a little nervous like but from like full site and just your sort of sense of reading her you, you get the sense of more that she's not really sure how she.
Timothy Sackton: Like when you are part of company right.
Timothy Sackton: She was like trying to convince you to come to charted and you're all like no chart of terrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right it's less.
Timothy Sackton: nervous about like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah are these people do they really liked me do they hate me like what's going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right it's less like it's less like i've been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not like like my bosses at the society have told me that I have to kill them on site or bring them in and oh my God they're here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah not something that's not the sense that you can.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, she says yeah you know i've been i've been practicing a lot.
Timothy Sackton: doing some some training.
Timothy Sackton: fucking difficult hard work.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: good times how about you, what have you been doing.
David: we've been running all over Denmark one to the other it's nice to be in an actual city for once.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely if city.
David: It is no there's no some bar but it's all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But hola you know when we last part of ways, obviously there were some tension on and some of that tension, I think, was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Related to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your your comrades and what you were up to out in Denmark and i'm wondering.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we're wondering how are things How are things with the society our things with you and the society these days.
Timothy Sackton: i'm i'm good I mean.
David: It was.
Timothy Sackton: Sad, when I you know came back and I spoke with.
Timothy Sackton: D and and Dane.
Timothy Sackton: And you know heard about.
what's his name Marcus.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: Guy.
album.
Timothy Sackton: And you know.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: You know their their.
Timothy Sackton: DNA and are both doing well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where do you did.
People who still the eyes.
Timothy Sackton: De de wild.
Timothy Sackton: happening by master.
Timothy Sackton: Dane.
Timothy Sackton: Dane golden hammer dorman champion.
Timothy Sackton: companions of.
Timothy Sackton: ALBAN.
Timothy Sackton: were the ones who explored that tower before you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: forfeit a half.
Timothy Sackton: bloody difficult time of it or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened and then.
Timothy Sackton: Oh They ran.
Timothy Sackton: Around do you want me to introduce you.
David: To meet D, I mean to me.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure they'd be happy to talk to you um.
Mike Sackton: yeah it would be great to meet them we're not in town for very long, but if we could meet them soon, it would be.
Mike Sackton: We could compare notes on the on what we found in that place.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know, be like.
Kate: hey you remember that awful ominous music.
Kate: voices.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: lightning running up the walls, you know.
Mike Sackton: Quite a.
Timothy Sackton: race thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All over.
Mike Sackton: Small bands.
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's fine fine whatever whatever floats your boat.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: important documents and you're running there's no elvin and.
Kate: No elven ends.
David: Can you leave a message here we'll come back chicken.
Timothy Sackton: yeah maybe that.
David: Will why don't we come back in what's good time check in tomorrow morning.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'll send them a message in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: See if they're free.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a.
Timothy Sackton: got some some practice exercises, I have to do tomorrow afternoon and evening.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: What is working.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the Indians Roman society.
Timothy Sackton: Like de ver.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe even less than mater mercenaries basically are hired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
them.
Timothy Sackton: While they they brought back these giants don't is worth something.
David: there's no nothing.
Timothy Sackton: interesting for you, other things, I think.
David: That this said.
David: house or where the say is like 90% of book discussion group and like 10% hardcore research like whoa.
David: I guess, I never really asked her I understood, but like are you all, just like one department of it or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or 100 organized yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well, I mean.
David: You know enough to.
David: Know things we shouldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and also.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, like, for example.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I.
Timothy Sackton: don't know who it was he sponsored that expedition to that.
Timothy Sackton: D and gain and all been wrong, but I.
Timothy Sackton: can't remember his name, right now, they they wouldn't know you could ask them i'm obviously don't know pays their bills.
Timothy Sackton: You know, people will have people with the money if you've got a patron who can afford to fit you out for an expedition then yeah go out and look for stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Christmas funds a bunch of things from the great library they've got their own sort of funding.
Timothy Sackton: But there's a few others, you know people around.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a gone is who's the one who was writing me hard on this.
Timothy Sackton: Lady training, I always have to do practicing but you know I guess that's what comes from.
Timothy Sackton: Having this and she like flourishes your hands with these two like shimmering blue psychic planes apparently.
Timothy Sackton: Pure.
Timothy Sackton: drink Korean ancestry I guess is pretty nice thing to have is.
Mike Sackton: That you weren't supposed to take those things out in these this town.
Timothy Sackton: they're gone.
Timothy Sackton: Back nobody saw.
Timothy Sackton: So, so he you know he paid for my expedition traveled with.
Timothy Sackton: With.
Timothy Sackton: sonny with the and and.
Timothy Sackton: And Dana and all and all been for for a little while.
Timothy Sackton: semester as a messed up X expedition to be perfectly honest.
Timothy Sackton: I split with them early.
Timothy Sackton: There was a there was the older dude.
Timothy Sackton: scholar type.
Timothy Sackton: servile.
Timothy Sackton: Separate service service yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It was a fucking bar.
Timothy Sackton: don't waste your time listening to that old man blabber on about bloody nothing.
Timothy Sackton: So I you know headed out he traveled with.
Timothy Sackton: D and and.
Timothy Sackton: Dane and.
Timothy Sackton: All been an artist for a little while and I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: When they all split up and went their separate ways, but.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: get funding you get money.
Timothy Sackton: So anybody wants to pay for exploration i'm great.
Mike Sackton: Who funded you again.
Mike Sackton: This expedition who's a.
Timothy Sackton: While that expedition I don't know aegon is.
Timothy Sackton: It god's the one.
Timothy Sackton: who found me in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the slums saw something more than me saw the.
Timothy Sackton: potential of.
Timothy Sackton: My blood.
Eric Rosenbaum: You say drink Korean blood.
Timothy Sackton: All it that's what he says hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The drink or the sorry this added drink Koreans did like conquer the land with dragons today.
Timothy Sackton: No nothing you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This isn't he got air guitar Gary it is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is is it weird for somebody to claim that they have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pure drink oriented ancestry like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: There is that there is definitely like a.
Timothy Sackton: like a thread in cardone and.
Timothy Sackton: Like chart and sees a lot of chart and self image is like to drink Korean empire.
Timothy Sackton: So a lot of like cardone and nationalism is like claiming.
Eric Rosenbaum: drink Korean I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: heritage, as it says plausible also like that it could be.
Timothy Sackton: Totally plausible it could very much be literally true.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, many people in charge and claim to be descended from drink or drink or.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: The expedition to the.
Mike Sackton: To the Tower that was eight sorry I just wasn't clear that was a gun funded.
Timothy Sackton: know somebody else funded that.
Timothy Sackton: We funded that you'd have to ask the day.
Timothy Sackton: I can't keep track of all these fucking rich people to be perfectly honest.
Timothy Sackton: And it wasn't.
There wasn't this.
Timothy Sackton: Know Christmas wasn't involved.
Timothy Sackton: And it was the dude Cason used to come around to open to various meetings, sometimes, and anybody who didn't come from wealth, he would just look down your nose them sneer at me all the time.
Mike Sackton: We pulled that out of game cast.
Mike Sackton: One of the guys we almost killed right.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: And all these expeditions just like.
Mike Sackton: Different patrons collect the different items that they come back they're all scattered about or the patrons all kind of working together some of you have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: bloody rich people don't ask me about their rich people problems, but I think it's all.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's all.
Timothy Sackton: I mean aegon one.
Timothy Sackton: told me if I find anything useful at ravens hold that bring it back to him right so.
Timothy Sackton: Imagine that's how it works everywhere, but he's not so he doesn't he's not so concerned about that he he just wanted.
Timothy Sackton: I think he just wanted me to get some experience.
Timothy Sackton: and see what I could do or see what my.
Timothy Sackton: ancestry could do for me.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: very generous with his time and and.
Timothy Sackton: I think he just wanted to help me rise above my upbringing, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: it's awesome because in the.
Timothy Sackton: soft drink or in the I guess.
Kate: Does he have other mentees do you have you know people, you can hang out with in the acorn patronage.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it's a it's an elite group of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, those of us who.
Timothy Sackton: I guess have that.
Timothy Sackton: connection to this old power right.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you understand, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to explain it makes more sense when he talks about it but it's.
David: Sir anything else that we need to ask all of them.
Kate: So Raven soul.
Kate: had both Durban and human you know heritage is there Is there anyone who's particularly interested in the Durban artifacts you know that's why I.
Kate: Get grumpy us, because we dwarves have this strong sense of you know connecting to our heritage and some of what you're saying about connecting the power of.
Kate: Your drink right and heritage is how we feel about our Durban heritage, and so it made me rather bristly if someone non Durban was collecting.
Kate: Our heritage.
Timothy Sackton: somebody who might well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: A few dwarves on around the university.
Kate: But you don't there's not a famous Durban patron or a famous human who likes to collect Durban stuff for.
Timothy Sackton: No, not, not that I know of but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not really an academic right me and they're they're all.
Timothy Sackton: hellishly boring to listen to you, to be perfectly honest.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm glad.
Kate: This ain't gone by fellow students to want to help you advance and not.
Kate: particularly targeting the dwarves and sending you out to save.
Timothy Sackton: know I.
Kate: Take stuff from dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: I think he would sympathize with your argument.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, because he always talks about you know the cardone and Renaissance and.
Timothy Sackton: The drink Korean and heritage of our our people and and building a new drink or.
Timothy Sackton: What I think he would, I think he would.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know I think he would appreciate what you're saying.
Timothy Sackton: To each around.
Timothy Sackton: The humans have a drink or dwarves half of their.
Timothy Sackton: heritage.
Timothy Sackton: allison how swings.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever the ALS and happenings have it i'm sorry allison happening i'm i'm, I am very much not an academic.
David: No, no don't worry i'm not going to say what it is, but it is super awesome.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt it as good as drank are.
Timothy Sackton: I mean come on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it absolutely well.
that's.
Kate: The famous hassling hats.
David: Not for nothing, do we have a sense of style.
David: But we remember everything that's happened since time began.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow that's pretty fucking special for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what's gonna happen next, then you like, is it is it like is there is it a thing, where there's no time and that you know time is a river and you're at the end of the mouth, and you know the Center all at once type of thing, so you there's there's there is no time.
So.
David: Like I know that you were about to get punched and I leaned over and.
David: push you.
David: know my my great grandfather.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of punches will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me.
David: I knew that I knew that was gonna happen.
David: So you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't you didn't do anything to stop it is.
David: the inevitability of faith, etc, but my great grandfather talked about things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencil punches labia get.
David: away again the inevitability okay.
Mike Sackton: I need to separate you too.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should be used to this by now.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm used to need to separate you to.
David: Look.
Timothy Sackton: At some halfway lights that.
Timothy Sackton: drank guardian, so will the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: be okay oh my God what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we finished start I want understand this.
Kate: means grandpa.
Kate: was never punched.
By.
David: it's difficult to express, I think.
David: Mostly, that the human concept of time.
David: Even though that is the concept that i'm living inside these days it's not clear that that's real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, as a person, that is a part of a few kind of mystical calls the notion of time not existing is not a unfamiliar concept but happening is that your lived experience is there is time on the near for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Future past present simultaneously or was.
David: not yet.
Timothy Sackton: But i'm a mystical cults are you part of kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now we're talking about now.
David: he's part of the kids awaits because zillions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And zillions don't talk about.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that sounds appropriate for tomorrow.
David: it's a Punch in code.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As well again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look forward to meeting Dan Dan soon Allah.
David: argumentative as we often are with you, it is genuinely good to see you alive and in one piece back home again.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't expect, I would say this, but if.
Timothy Sackton: You too.
David: And it's kind of you to lie.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not lying you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait i'm sorry I missed this Meta game, did we know who DNA is patroness we don't right, you have to do we have to talk to them about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they're pit and presumably their patron is the one with with yes.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably, yes.
Mike Sackton: Do you know that someone named marcella.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: Names not familiar.
David: 10 so she told me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She.
Timothy Sackton: make an inside check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Luckily i'm very insightful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want that insight for medium insightful.
Timothy Sackton: You don't you don't get the fans of any kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bobby's well he's even more excited.
Timothy Sackton: You don't think that you know you don't get the sense that she's like.
Timothy Sackton: there's no like obvious towel like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think so you telepathically.
yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Anybody cassie and used to hang around I mean you mentioned you knew mending cassie you know anybody a chance to hang or he hung around whether.
Timothy Sackton: He was an ass.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate: We want to avoid baffles maybe.
Mike Sackton: You heard a couple of stories about him on the on the road.
Timothy Sackton: just trying to avoid any.
Mike Sackton: Trying to avoid any.
Mike Sackton: trouble summon.
Timothy Sackton: it's been out of time for a while.
Mike Sackton: Father some folks he brought his whole crew out of town with them more the better just wondering if there was any yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I don't know who else was in his crew, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I avoided that.
Timothy Sackton: avoided that guy as much as I could.
Timothy Sackton: mean.
Timothy Sackton: You would think like he'd have some more respect but.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't just about.
Timothy Sackton: heritage for him, it was wealth.
Timothy Sackton: class status.
Mike Sackton: Human illusions.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: All fine and well for you to say that, but.
Timothy Sackton: Come back when you're.
Timothy Sackton: starving, because you haven't had anything to eat in four days and some rich ass just you know kicked over your last water.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me that classes, a fucking illusion.
David: I think we've dealt with is trying to say is Have you considered not being you.
Mike Sackton: know.
Timothy Sackton: Why would, I consider that i'm drawing Korean i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've heard that wallet which is ironic, given your your your your class consciousness in your constant.
Timothy Sackton: He says it's not about the circumstance, you are born in it's about what you are born as.
Mike Sackton: I think what I was really trying to say.
Mike Sackton: rich man kicking over the.
Mike Sackton: Poor suffering ones can or whatever story, you are trying to tell the rich one it's gonna fade away in a moment, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's nice to hear a little nice sunshine.
Timothy Sackton: The more richer hassles that fade away the happier off, I can be.
Mike Sackton: You humans will fade away, just as fast.
Mike Sackton: anyway.
David: You almost made it you could just stuck right there and it would have been fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kelly call them tonight.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think so.
Timothy Sackton: i'm ready for bad.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like I said it's good to see you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seemed to Bola.
David: will check in for your message tomorrow.
in the morning.
David: All the shipments will eventually fade away, I mean it's obviously true, but I feel like putting it in their face just kind of elevates the temperature of the room, a little bit.
Mike Sackton: One more glass of wine that I should have.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's worse is drink Korean supremacy worse or elvin supremacy.
Mike Sackton: While the Drake Koreans have us destroyed the world they have saved it you tell me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A sunset isn't the be also in the drink Koreans ever a battle.
Mike Sackton: They weren't buddy buddy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they were allies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that seems surprising.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, nobody really knows what happened at the end of the drink or eat empire and fell apart very quickly and there's little history or records from that time we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know how to drink Korean empire and it.
Mike Sackton: was a lesson plague.
Timothy Sackton: That spread from drink or but nobody really knows where the plague came from, or what caused.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me now.
Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should go find out what could possibly go wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting.
Kate: plague door is box.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice okay so next meeting is in the morning with.
Mike Sackton: We don't know we're hoping D amp D incognita.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Kate: No, you were gonna meet your.
Eric Rosenbaum: friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: For breakfast oh scar the.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dwarves me kiss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me.
Kate: Academic yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yes.
Kate: Not to you know stoke the racial tensions there anything i'm trying and trying to avoid i'm.
Kate: Asking it if we can trust old scar tissue than others work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so sure brick cool yeah.
break.
Timothy Sackton: So just to move things along slightly.
Timothy Sackton: I will say that we can just time skip to the next morning, and you have confirmed the messages that.
Timothy Sackton: Brasilia will host you for tea in our apartments near the university at four o'clock today.
Timothy Sackton: off guard is always hot is always free for breakfast he never does anything until noon anyway so you're happy to be with him for breakfast and.
Timothy Sackton: Stopping.
Timothy Sackton: To pick up messages at the end on your way to meet with off guard.
Timothy Sackton: Bola has left a message saying that.
Timothy Sackton: That DNA in are both in town third usually.
Timothy Sackton: they're gearing up for another going out on a mission in the next couple of weeks, but.
Timothy Sackton: They could be usually found at.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: need another student our name.
Timothy Sackton: chapter is yes, I thought I was gonna add that they can be easily found that the chapter house.
Timothy Sackton: for lunch, so if you stop in there any any day around noon you'll likely be to find the magic lunch together.
Timothy Sackton: So that sort of sets up your day if there's anything you want to do before you.
Timothy Sackton: proceed on these.
Kate: Initial engagements.
Timothy Sackton: Social engagements.
Timothy Sackton: what's her name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's her meeting schedule.
Timothy Sackton: breakfast with off Carla Durban Professor Bola left a message saying the end date are in town and usually take lunch at the chapter house, which is another student buyer and turning.
Timothy Sackton: And anytime you want to drop in you know, there are quite recognizable and Viola has left word that you want to speak with them, so no should be willing to talk and then resell Leah has invited you for tea at four in the afternoon or apartments.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On enough perfect dress what little lovely day and charging back.
Kate: and
Kate: We can get some advice on whether to bring her flowers, or you know fox candy or.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: hi Kate says biases not so much that you got to bring your stuff but you know clean yourself up dress well.
Timothy Sackton: You know, go to a cleaning stone and clean off your stuff you know, take a shower bath if you can't.
Timothy Sackton: Look presentable is advice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so where's his finest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Travel garments.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so.
Timothy Sackton: What the morning is, you are going to find.
Timothy Sackton: off guard.
Timothy Sackton: So seeker you, you know where he lives, he lives in a.
Timothy Sackton: Although actually this this time of day you'd actually more likely find him in his office is the university.
Timothy Sackton: which you also know where they are, because you.
Timothy Sackton: spent some time there.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So you you sort of.
Timothy Sackton: walk up and like knock on his door and he's got you know.
Timothy Sackton: Six books kind of spread out on a desk he's a he's an older dwarf, maybe in the two hundreds or something.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know he's got a neatly trimmed white beard wavy white here hair sort of you know fidgeting with his papers and he looks up when he sees secrets are appearing around the bar.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, oh.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: girlfriend.
Eric Rosenbaum: You are.
Timothy Sackton: You are back in town and with.
Timothy Sackton: companions.
I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bring friends, indeed, we would love to sit and chat with you for a few minutes if you're willing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes please come in and now nothing on the schedule this morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good, very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is a risk when delice will be in kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: my companions to meet you.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: i'm off guard for us to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have car, my friends, is is an expert in many.
Eric Rosenbaum: arcane specializations but especially to my interest is his his deep learning and lore in the metaphysics the interconnections of this world, and others.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, and let me tell you off guard with these friends i've traveled and had many mundane adventures over the surfaces and places of this tell gar on which we live, but also we've touched I dare say we've touched other planes as well and i'd love to tell you about that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh good you're not getting into that dangerous experimental metaphysics are you my friend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: These these times we live in, sometimes demand it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we have the younger generation perhaps must enter into these things, but I come seeking your.
Timothy Sackton: mo and and sorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh you're always so worried about everything.
Timothy Sackton: Is our interdisciplinary studies have never turned out wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: And indeed, as you always say when I.
Timothy Sackton: say.
Eric Rosenbaum: We must be informed by the history.
Eric Rosenbaum: must know the lower the wisdom of the ancients.
Timothy Sackton: Not to me, you will turn into that a.
Timothy Sackton: pompous ass galen.
Timothy Sackton: Always meddling about with experimental metaphysics.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I know galen.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's what's what's galen been up to.
David: Some.
Timothy Sackton: Some some new Toy a dwarf an artifact.
Timothy Sackton: A shame of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would what kind of adore an artifact.
Timothy Sackton: sort of challenge, he says connects to the other planes.
Timothy Sackton: Not only should not dwarves not be meddling with such things, but why are we experimenting with these dangerous things anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed, indeed, they could be very dangerous for all we know, perhaps we should go talk to gail and at some point where it's his office again.
Timothy Sackton: Oh he's a.
Timothy Sackton: He thinks he's such a hot shot, though, is off giving public demonstration of the power of experimental metaphysics.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh dear.
Timothy Sackton: But he will get killed.
Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Traffic really.
Timothy Sackton: His office, though, is two buildings over.
Timothy Sackton: Just don't tell him I said anything.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Believe me off guard i'm with you on that sentiment there, but I do also seem to recall, as we've parted ways, the last time I was here.
Eric Rosenbaum: A small matter of a wager.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, wow.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you may take your pick of books.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I did I did it of car.
Timothy Sackton: But but tell me what.
Timothy Sackton: Was it like.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Well, their planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was our wager I thought, yes I didn't know how but some some how some way somewhere i'm going to set foot on another plane Besides, this one tiger and.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Timothy Sackton: and which plan, did you find yourself on young boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember, unfortunately with the terminology, for it, but it was the grotto of Chicago, and so it was called.
Timothy Sackton: I one of the divine realms a minor divine realm it when that I know very little about.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a weird grassy place easy to get lost in.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'd love to spend more time exploring.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, and I made a friend to and she's no ordinary friends, she actually she comes from the firewall she lives in this ring right here, strangely enough.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: That ring looks of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe it is it, it may have been stolen, but we stole it right back.
Timothy Sackton: good for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if you want to ask a tofino the say would spirit, who lives in here anything i'm happy to facilitate a conversation.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: As you know, I have.
Timothy Sackton: spent many years reading about the wild.
Timothy Sackton: I have read some strange tales, I would, I would ask her, is it true that time and distance work differently there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I summon tofino by rubbing the ring or whatever it is that I do.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's you and her can communicate telepathically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, ask her.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of like you get this lady's almost like a telepathic like blinking your eyes open like coming out of some sort of status.
Timothy Sackton: Oh seeker i'm.
Timothy Sackton: good to hear you how was that a.
Timothy Sackton: trip to maybe find the wild coming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh we're well on our way don't worry.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wonderful um.
Timothy Sackton: Yes indeed, it is true that the linear distances between points in the.
Timothy Sackton: For a while they're not equivalent to in this world, that is what you're asking.
Eric Rosenbaum: And time.
Timothy Sackton: That works about saying.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure that there are stories of mortals from your realm entering the wild and not leaving for hundreds of years.
Timothy Sackton: But that could just be because of such a great place.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying it's not the same.
Timothy Sackton: Well, for me, it's the same.
Timothy Sackton: An important distinction, you are not sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, my friend off guard is a metaphysics expert now.
Timothy Sackton: Did.
Eric Rosenbaum: I let him know of your observations i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just so we can move things along.
Eric Rosenbaum: What am I actually supposed to talk to her about Oh, though society um well let's resolve the wager um do you want to just like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have me select a book at random.
Timothy Sackton: Ah wow ah.
Timothy Sackton: you're interested in a while, if you sort of ticks along.
Timothy Sackton: Nice this one might be your best bet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, my gratitude for honoring our wager.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: My crowning achievement.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, this is an.
Eric Rosenbaum: authored by your own Pen is it.
Timothy Sackton: It is a full description of the.
Timothy Sackton: The creatures and dangers of a while.
Timothy Sackton: I was recorded in thousands of years of Durban bore and and some cumin or two and a few albums box and a few happening stories.
Timothy Sackton: and actually a couple of stories in the Center ours and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Its exhaustive research you've done.
Timothy Sackton: Tell from a giant eagle.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then one of those.
Timothy Sackton: One story from.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not trying to believe this, but from a dragon.
Eric Rosenbaum: fascinating well listen, I will I will relish it and and perhaps we can have a correspondence by mail on any.
Timothy Sackton: arcane details that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everything that has to be.
Timothy Sackton: written about the farewell summarize did my work.
Eric Rosenbaum: incredible.
Timothy Sackton: Even the things that contradict the other things.
Timothy Sackton: that's important to summarize it all.
Timothy Sackton: Comprehensive.
Eric Rosenbaum: got a really show all sides of the story.
Eric Rosenbaum: Listen of God, I have a question about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you do you have any dealings with the society and scroll.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah sometimes I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes they'll listen to what I say.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what do you tell them.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you know I I talked about the a while i've given a couple of lectures.
Timothy Sackton: So it's those experimental metaphysics is to get all the attention now galen is always.
Timothy Sackton: 10 times, where people come to his lectures.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just just because they want to see somebody get killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: This he demonstrate that will do.
Timothy Sackton: Well, she doesn't tend to but i'm sure one of these days with him messing about those items that he brings the.
Timothy Sackton: holes that open up into extra dimensional space.
Timothy Sackton: somebody's gonna fall into one of those and.
Eric Rosenbaum: sucky Oh yes, what everyone should definitely not to mess around with with such such dangerous and abominable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well contraptions.
Timothy Sackton: There Okay, but don't put living things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certainly not.
Timothy Sackton: know this.
Timothy Sackton: don't demonstrate explosions by tearing little parts of the fabric of reality apart.
Timothy Sackton: I would not consider that a safe activity for a public demonstration.
Indeed, indeed, indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, I you know i'm a member.
Timothy Sackton: been a while, since I paid my dues i'm actually not sure if i'm still a member.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm perhaps lapsed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any reason to think that there might be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything fall in the fall of Members of this society.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, corruption, no, no i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just a bunch of scholars around here.
Timothy Sackton: biggest danger is a magical mishap I would say, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so.
Timothy Sackton: um he's he's obviously enjoying talking to seeker happy to see him, you know he is very.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this particular story is he says he genuinely believe, like oh yeah it's just magical mishaps there's no corruption or is he, like there's no corruption, no, no, why would you say.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: maker maker inside check.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage because your souls into you I always forget to tell you that, but you could remember it on your own sometimes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kid I remember, on my own sometimes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see into his soul.
Timothy Sackton: ya know it's.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's it's he is very sincere everything you said is very sincere.
Timothy Sackton: Like clearly is not he is an open book, everything is saying it's what he believes.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, my my friends friends and I, we have a busy social calendar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah secretly want to ask about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tuesday at the scholar in the woods, so the guy that know stuff about right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
asked him if he knew that.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
Nice, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: know is not.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: He wrote I knew it I knew about him actually I.
Timothy Sackton: while ago.
Timothy Sackton: 20 years ago, maybe he he was this up and coming scholar he but he he wrote this book that was just all wrong.
Timothy Sackton: With claiming some I never followed the controversy better.
Timothy Sackton: productive work.
climbing.
Timothy Sackton: You know, some strange things about magic in the woods.
Timothy Sackton: People living there, creating gods or something.
Timothy Sackton: And I don't remember the details, but it was discredited and I think he's.
Timothy Sackton: he's still rod he might teach undergraduates now.
Eric Rosenbaum: begin their through their it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: um you know if there's any.
Mike Sackton: copies of his book around.
Timothy Sackton: Oh for sure yeah it was called.
Timothy Sackton: something about forest people lost people of the forest.
Timothy Sackton: looks I don't have one but.
Timothy Sackton: None of none of you have.
Timothy Sackton: You if you are.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the library, are you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, do I have a library card.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the library.
Timothy Sackton: No Definitely not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: free and open to the public.
Eric Rosenbaum: We gotta find.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely not know.
Timothy Sackton: Very much not, for you know, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how does this work discredited.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know I think there was some.
Timothy Sackton: debate about.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow he used and use magic to.
Timothy Sackton: convince them to convince these people he's supposed to supposedly you know studying to speak with him and.
Timothy Sackton: You know and chairman is a serious crime here right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see I see.
Timothy Sackton: Your work was in.
Timothy Sackton: question was.
Timothy Sackton: People were.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so not to be born right, I mean not as.
Timothy Sackton: Bad as bad as these experimental metaphysical says.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see, I see a.
David: song about how we found portals or burn and ammonia.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know that's a great point we didn't travel through these particular portals, but we did.
Eric Rosenbaum: make direct contact.
Eric Rosenbaum: With those two planes fascinating quite dangerous I should say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps a little even go anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: ammonium I know definitely i've found stories that place supposed to be a how and when they just constant and drives you mad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah we learned about that that's for sure.
Timothy Sackton: very dangerous so don't go there.
Timothy Sackton: don't go mad.
Timothy Sackton: Why would anybody even want to open portals to these places.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, when.
Timothy Sackton: it's nicer maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: One thing we found out actually is that there is a technique of harvesting energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: From the cracks between the planes, there was a kind of oil that can be used for that purpose.
Timothy Sackton: i've read in such a thing it's a.
Timothy Sackton: used to construct match database, I believe.
Indeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: deed.
Timothy Sackton: seems dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you put that in in in the category of the perversion of magic with a light or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it.
Timothy Sackton: More oh no light is.
Timothy Sackton: far worse taillight is, it is a destruction of all that is natural and holy in the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's just that's.
Timothy Sackton: Worse than experimental metaphysics.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the metaphysics che like Oscar.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I haven't studied that it's.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: Know there's no there's nothing to be gained by studying such awful things there's no.
Timothy Sackton: there's no students in that there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody will come to your lectures because it's a curse matter.
Timothy Sackton: don't study that.
Timothy Sackton: know for a while.
Timothy Sackton: that's where it is.
Timothy Sackton: dabbled a little in the shadow file but that's nasty stuff there to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That realm so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The shadow fail yeah.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't go there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no I miss alpha smart and very bad idea to go to any of these places.
Timothy Sackton: anted except maybe the fame while.
David: Well, sounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of car, do you think you could introduce us or provide a letter of introduction to the the discredited scholar would teach them who teaches the undergrads now.
Timothy Sackton: Tonight, is, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You can probably find him around if you're asked her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mind.
Timothy Sackton: To introduce you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did maybe maybe just let us know where his offices if it's in a directory of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I doubt he has an office, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tutors any information on more of my bill to find it is department or you know the building he's in.
Timothy Sackton: If you go.
Timothy Sackton: If you asked around at one of the.
Timothy Sackton: student.
Timothy Sackton: Student Union college track down him.
Timothy Sackton: that's where he hangs around mostly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there one nearby one of the student unions.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you know basically there's like there's a lot of students and and the the whole university organized into like lots of these.
Timothy Sackton: halls are.
Timothy Sackton: Either called that are like each one is sort of like a mini college right so there's like a bunch of these houses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but just you know put put us to one nearby where you take me by bill to start asking around that'd be great.
Mike Sackton: Question if you don't, mind you, you mentioned, you did a little research on the shadow shadow fell.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I did.
Mike Sackton: You study time passing there at all.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: you'd have to go there to understand that time passes, I wouldn't do that.
Timothy Sackton: there's some stories.
Timothy Sackton: Old old tales.
Timothy Sackton: Using the shadow file to to sneak around because.
Timothy Sackton: Time runs differently there, and so you could travel hundreds or thousands of miles in a day.
Timothy Sackton: Well, more than a day with past the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: I don't pass outside.
Timothy Sackton: But are these true.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't read enough to now.
Timothy Sackton: it's a strange place.
Timothy Sackton: very interesting also stories of leaps.
Timothy Sackton: In the shadow fell.
Timothy Sackton: The same time passing over and over again.
Eric Rosenbaum: same time over and over again.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would happen.
Timothy Sackton: Like being stuck in a dark memory or dream.
Mike Sackton: Nothing good secret, I can tell you that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how might want to escape from such an.
Timothy Sackton: escape and then think such a thing was possible.
Timothy Sackton: I think the idea is you go bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: deed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or experience as well.
David: yeah yeah that sounds plausible.
Timothy Sackton: You need some I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Timothy Sackton: Powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: to reshape the reality of the plane itself somehow.
Timothy Sackton: dragon could do that or a God or.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a.
Timothy Sackton: Strong very powerful wizard or.
Timothy Sackton: genie or something, but I know that's what that.
David: Is it a few bits of old tales of Have you ever heard of a wizard made us home in a tower in pandemonium.
Timothy Sackton: Oh man pandemonium.
Timothy Sackton: You have to be very mad to do that, and if you weren't you would end up that way.
Timothy Sackton: A wizard know there are there are creatures.
David: But.
Timothy Sackton: humans, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
David: Really, this.
Eric Rosenbaum: looks like.
Timothy Sackton: A creature dwelling in a tower well a.
Timothy Sackton: possible, I guess, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Every place has every plane has creatures native to it, there is no plane that is totally devoid of by.
David: Another question.
David: I heard a story that before the Great War the hub goblins from the East to the mountains crafted a magic.
David: prison.
David: A mirror that held people in pockets of space outside this world have you ever heard a story of that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah wow there's a book that describes how one could create such a such a thing.
Timothy Sackton: reflections reflections are the key.
Timothy Sackton: reflections create passages between planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: reflections create passages between planes, of course, and this book.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have a copy here.
Timothy Sackton: In the library.
David: We could figure out other Members.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a yes that's what he's saying i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: The name of the author or the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the name of the book.
Timothy Sackton: The author, it was a.
Timothy Sackton: What was his name I gotta look at my notes you like starts starts like around yeah it was a it was.
Timothy Sackton: The secrets of reflective magic.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't no.
Timothy Sackton: sequel secrets of reflective magic.
Timothy Sackton: stories of.
Timothy Sackton: plan or prisons.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow or.
Timothy Sackton: No, not stories looks secrets are reflective magic.
Timothy Sackton: And the nature of planner prisons that's what it.
Eric Rosenbaum: is, of course, of course.
Timothy Sackton: In write down the author's name I don't remember so so Alvin name I can go out human who studied with adults, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: who knew Elvis the book was written and now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember Oh, of course, there a way that one can obtain a temporary library card.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Someone was friends with a trusted tenured faculty Member who could.
Timothy Sackton: pull this trigger team, oh no the library.
Timothy Sackton: library.
Timothy Sackton: domain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed, indeed.
Timothy Sackton: You would need to apply.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: The fee is.
Timothy Sackton: Non trivial.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Even if you have a good reason it would be at least a week usually more like a month before you'll be approved.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder how good their security as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: This has been most enlightening off car any of my friends have any other any other lingering thoughts or questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got an introduction, or he called us the student Union to go check out yeah.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then crucially galen.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David: that's the chalice.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah it has the chalice.
Eric Rosenbaum: And galen likes making explosive demonstrations and there might be something we could.
Eric Rosenbaum: tempt him with or trade for that he meant like because of that.
David: I mean this This seems foolish, but we do have a map to a gateway to pandemonium and that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think he.
Eric Rosenbaum: had actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: You ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: solve one problems create 100.
Eric Rosenbaum: Problems yeah that's our stuff.
Kate: Well, I thought you were gonna say that we could make it look like an accident, when he disappeared in the cloud of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that was a wonderful conversation with old scar Thank you to your friend and.
Eric Rosenbaum: We see you again soon.
Timothy Sackton: don't don't forget your book.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, thank you, of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will, I will release it and read it carefully and writing with questions and perhaps accounts of my own our own travels in the wild should we maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Do such a foolish thing I would love to hear about it.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps if you survive and and come back you know.
Timothy Sackton: While i'm still alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps our own stories will be entered into the next edition of your book.
David: maps of the gateways there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, there are there are four that I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: How amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel very excited to learn about.
Timothy Sackton: One is that far away and hard to reach.
Timothy Sackton: way East in the dangerous lands beyond Dunbar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know that.
Timothy Sackton: there's one.
Timothy Sackton: river in in the in the forest.
Mike Sackton: The forest, we are totally going back.
Mike Sackton: That is how we're gonna get back to the giants tower.
Mike Sackton: that's great um.
Timothy Sackton: there's one in the mountains.
Mike Sackton: It can you borrow books from the library.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's interesting, yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Quite interested in the book about.
Eric Rosenbaum: reflections.
reflections.
Eric Rosenbaum: planar prisons in particular.
Timothy Sackton: Why.
David: We may know.
David: Where the object is.
Timothy Sackton: be quite an interesting.
Timothy Sackton: thing to study.
Eric Rosenbaum: In theory, of course.
Timothy Sackton: Of course.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: Would you be, would you be willing to help us get some information, perhaps in exchange for some stories of.
Mike Sackton: Other planes.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, if you want to come, read the book in my office, I will check it out for you, that is fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps I could come by the CP.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I don't think I can get to the library today.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps tomorrow.
Timothy Sackton: class to teach but tomorrow yeah tomorrow around lunchtime.
Mike Sackton: might suggest somebody who reads selfish.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: Did.
Timothy Sackton: not read Elvis seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have much to learn about being a scholar.
Timothy Sackton: Books are written and Elvis.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Elvis was a discredited language.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All.
All discredit Elvis.
Kate: it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's the human tongue that are.
Timothy Sackton: Well there's just so many of them it's hardly worth the time I mean during Korean Okay, although the wiser drink Koreans, of course, wrote in our bash or four darvish if they were truly wise.
Timothy Sackton: But no, you, you will have to learn seeker, if you want to take this seriously.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to keep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: checking them later scholarship are the key may be missing some text about the discredited Elvis songs so.
Timothy Sackton: What are.
Timothy Sackton: What are your academic credentials sorry kenzo where's your name.
David: You said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No don't like.
Mike Sackton: it's a second editor that shows are about as strong as is a flight this friendly Demeter.
Timothy Sackton: He says very friendly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and very from.
Timothy Sackton: politeness, I guess, I would mark on the lower end um.
Timothy Sackton: But Okay, so no academic credentials fair enough everybody has to start somewhere no kids there's still time for you you're young.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Not losses could teach you something that might be up his speed and your speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds like a great idea.
Timothy Sackton: Natural tutors I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Timothy Sackton: But an undergraduate tutor might be right, your speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is exactly you know what and I think that that your introduction and your your your information on where I might be able to find exactly such a tutor is incredibly value, thank you all for.
Eric Rosenbaum: That idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and seeing my intellectual pursuits in my academic career.
Timothy Sackton: I I will be excited to see where you go kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: always the mentor.
Kate: mentee.
Timothy Sackton: well.
David: As educated, as you it's it's been a real pleasure.
Timothy Sackton: we'll get there someday i'm sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's.
Timothy Sackton: A boy yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are the most scholarly and erudite of them all that we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Certainly.
Timothy Sackton: That is nice of you to say I appreciate that ken's up your politeness by to re.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In truth, and truth your intellectual capacity truly out shines all other dwarves for in combination really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of the the word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of their intellectual.
David: will be starts to reel it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very soon, all right Thank you so much, thank you whoa.
Timothy Sackton: whoa yes, yes please thank Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, I will see you in a couple of days would like to read a book hey Thank you.
David: For you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: and bring back some stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of leads are at NFU go seeker, could you bring me back like a stone or.
Timothy Sackton: A piece of wood or or just something from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, to be sure we will gather for you a souvenir.
Eric Rosenbaum: be worthy of you.
Timothy Sackton: I know that.
galen.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't have talks a big game, and he has all this magic, but he doesn't have anything that's actually from another plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: There very interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: So with.
That.
Eric Rosenbaum: We will make it happen or.
Kate: Having academic patrons who sending us out to get stuck.
Timothy Sackton: I was also a member of the society of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Open scrolled.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's how it starts, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck.
Am I can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember of opens.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was gonna say, should we find that the tutor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My new tutor.
David: yeah we have time before.
David: The D and.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever you got like an hour.
Kate: or.
Mike Sackton: How many.
Mike Sackton: Of these encounters are we going to try and do before we go to bed.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is 12 yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I would say one.
Mike Sackton: Because if we're gonna do one let's do Dean in.
Mike Sackton: India Dan not nice I think that's going to be more.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we gotta do nice galen.
Mike Sackton: I mean we have niaz galen and the tea.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah I think if we're going to do one encounter tonight, which feels about right.
Mike Sackton: For my level of tiredness at least I would think Dean and date.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the T.
Timothy Sackton: V with rose.
Eric Rosenbaum: rose, so the magic Professor yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take at least one more session to sort out because we have to get the chalice and then get the eyes and then escape charted so.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sure all those things will be straightforward but.
Mike Sackton: super easy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to play so far, I believe.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: I just I spent so much time making up all these academic personalities, I want you to go beat them all.
David: I love.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty fun agree what was the deal with the reflection, then, what can we do with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the book will explain things about how the mirror of the entrapment mirror was made, and perhaps give us access to more functionality.
Mike Sackton: which helps us a lot by me sell it in exchange for the giant dies in a day and a half, but whatever.
David: Extra.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: don't forget to take baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might try to sell the liver and before we sell the mirror.
David: I wonder what we.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are now we are now the worst of the worst.
Mike Sackton: without too much like slave trading.
Mike Sackton: exotic beasts and sell them.
Kate: On league.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: take samples from from like a foreign.
Like you know magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bring back to the spidey of the open scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like hey did agree to that, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, of course, you won't take it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will take.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: owns it would we will take all kinds of pebbles from this Eve node.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is lucky materials which will bring back to this, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: If he can one up his academic.
Mike Sackton: Competitive we're gonna disappear galen.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah are we that's good and in tragedy yeah.
Mike Sackton: he's gonna edit tragedy, so you know it'll be.
one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's just let's just drop all of the.
pretense.
Mike Sackton: Get the you often make this argument that we're turning evil, so we may as well just go all the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And does not saying that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Serving neta character, what is unfolding and what we're agreeing to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways let's go talk to Dan Dan.
De.
Timothy Sackton: De again nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah so you, you had to the chapter House and you put your path so so this little area of the colleges of the university is.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: The symbols college, the civil is one of the eight devine's that's one of the older and.
Timothy Sackton: or I guess civil Hall, is one of the older and.
Timothy Sackton: Like all this of the light colleges within the university but hasn't really had a patron or a sponsor for for our for it so it's kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, on the more rundown sides of the like little ins and and taverns around to tend to be not incredibly busy, and so it's an easy place for you know people who.
Timothy Sackton: don't want to be in the crowds hang out it's also a plausible place for like fallen.
Timothy Sackton: discredited academic to end up as an undergraduate tutor.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you had to.
Timothy Sackton: You had to the chapter house and and there's about seven or eight people in the.
Timothy Sackton: Center a little groups of people eating lunch, but DNA in are immediately recognizable.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: Dane is Dane gold hammer is a you know, a young sort of athletic work with a braided blog beard long blonde hair back in a ponytail.
Timothy Sackton: wearing sort of you know, Nice traveling clothes, no weapons or Armor on him but not surprising given the environment um.
Timothy Sackton: he's like drinking a beer and like you know wolfing down.
Timothy Sackton: Well let's do with bread ghee is a young hassling woman short, even for a half like you know barely hits three feet.
Timothy Sackton: hand and with lots of freckles with curly brown hair and she has kind of cheerfully smiling, and like.
Timothy Sackton: twirling and she has like a little, not even the dagger which is like a little knife that she's sort of twirling and and and fidgeting wind.
Timothy Sackton: And, and you know, everybody looks up when you.
Timothy Sackton: You come in and and they sort of whisper to each other and then he kind of.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of ways, you over.
Timothy Sackton: You must be a track.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: glances over you she like looks well be like up and down slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Nice to meet you.
Timothy Sackton: have a seat she calls the Chair next to her open in like motions for a while the Max during that kind of sit around the table.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You wanted.
Timothy Sackton: To have all That said, you.
Timothy Sackton: wanted to chat.
Timothy Sackton: venture.
David: traveled some of the same roads even.
Timothy Sackton: What what road.
David: We were in you dumbasses tower not too long after the two of you were.
At.
Mike Sackton: Nobody would know it was you don't miss this Tower except that straight.
Timothy Sackton: away.
Eric Rosenbaum: The tower the Tower of the permanent storm.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: The tower in the middle of the storm yeah.
Mike Sackton: Here you.
Mike Sackton: encountered some tragedy there.
Timothy Sackton: We saw you.
Kate: there.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't a storm when we got there.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: No, of course, it wasn't.
David: yeah.
David: How.
Mike Sackton: Women by around the way what's by you around of what you're drinking and.
David: We would be.
Mike Sackton: Quite interested to hear what you saw when you got there.
Mike Sackton: The tower it's been a bit of a mystery for us.
Timothy Sackton: to sort of looks over a Dane and.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we we can we can tell you.
Mike Sackton: We can afford to tell you, we.
Timothy Sackton: i'd love to hear, while be said, your name was it about your journey to.
Timothy Sackton: Where you've been and where you're going where you came from.
David: Oh i'll give a.
David: A sort of a rambling description, but I feel like this is maybe like half length thing that you kind of that there's like a way that you tell the story of all the places that you've been.
David: Like rather than where you're from so if the journey down from Denmark and over the mountains in the spring and like more or less everything up to getting to you don't miss this Tower but emitting like the.
David: shield holiday.
David: tick background of.
David: Denmark, you know, making it out not lying at any point, but just emitting things that make us more than a merry band of adventures.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: it's a great.
Timothy Sackton: Time have a long road.
David: And wouldn't have believed it if it wasn't true.
Timothy Sackton: So the Tower well.
Timothy Sackton: The expedition was cursed from the start, he.
Timothy Sackton: should have never wasted our time with those humans, to be honest.
Timothy Sackton: The sky arquette.
Timothy Sackton: How do you feel traveling with you.
David: know, I was, I was raising my head for a for a high five oh.
Timothy Sackton: hey you know.
Timothy Sackton: we're gearing up for another adventure if you.
David: I wouldn't want to hear about that.
David: Although I will say in deference to kenzo.
Mike Sackton: few minutes humans go.
Timothy Sackton: lock that travel was happening so.
Timothy Sackton: got big plans, maybe you can be part of them.
David: till till the first, the first to tell tell tell the tell your story of the Tower.
Timothy Sackton: So expedition was cursed from the start, I.
Timothy Sackton: guess he's a human.
Timothy Sackton: And service another human.
Timothy Sackton: Constantly at loggerheads nobody could agree on what we should be doing or where we should be going.
Timothy Sackton: me and Dan we just wanted to explore, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Is it worth good.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, no.
Timothy Sackton: Service wanted to find tales and legends and.
Timothy Sackton: stories, and I mean don't get me wrong stories i'm all about stories.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't make stories by just sitting around in town asking people to come talk to you right you got to be on the road that's where stories happen.
Timothy Sackton: our guests.
Timothy Sackton: That guy he had some happens, but he is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, find the ruins anything from charted anything from drink or.
Timothy Sackton: bring it back anything else, forget about it just not important keep keep looking drink Korean stuff like wanted something I don't know what.
Timothy Sackton: He was obsessed like I was obsessed.
David: stubbornness.
Mike Sackton: Yes, he's a.
Timothy Sackton: stubborn and he was stubborn as a rock.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is he.
I.
Mike Sackton: think he still as stubborn as a rock.
Did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
Mike Sackton: i'm just guessing oh okay well.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Fast out to me for the whole thing.
Timothy Sackton: faster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: faster.
Timothy Sackton: he's one of those those guys is a lot of money and you never know where it came from pretty spreads it around you know.
Timothy Sackton: Funds, a lot of stuff and and you know he wasn't always.
Timothy Sackton: You know a lot of these rich rich magic folk.
Timothy Sackton: Their hoarders right they want to keep everything for themselves him he you know he spread the wealth itself style.
Timothy Sackton: Things kept, but he just wanted to fund exploration.
Timothy Sackton: So you know it's popular right he goes to all the parties, he makes the circuit because everybody wants a piece of that money work wherever it comes from, I say hey I got my own goals i'm not going to ask questions about.
Timothy Sackton: what's going on with human world I don't I don't care as long as it's gold, as long as it's real.
Timothy Sackton: By the way, when i'm worrying about human.
Mike Sackton: Politics see the one funding year a new expedition.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's finding the next one too.
Timothy Sackton: it's a few going out actually.
Timothy Sackton: sooner.
Timothy Sackton: we're actually hoping to get a few more because.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow service apparently ended up in the La area.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Foster got a letter saying.
Timothy Sackton: treasure or something need need help needed ventures can't find any of my own because i'm such a bad negotiator.
Timothy Sackton: So I guess fastest funding another expedition to go meet him in the Lord and see what see what we could find.
David: tempting tempting offer i've never been there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I haven't either hate boats now which we didn't say oh.
David: Excuse me.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I know she looked around like anybody else but.
David: In comprehensible.
Timothy Sackton: don't you ever just.
Timothy Sackton: horizon doesn't change very much you know no trees there's no.
Timothy Sackton: birds and ways.
Mike Sackton: That you're done.
Timothy Sackton: that's why I, like a road under my feet.
David: trouble being on land that the ground stays to still too much time.
Timothy Sackton: climb a tree if you feel that way.
David: Maybe one time actually fell out a bit because I expected it to be moving and it wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: Nice yeah now I don't have that problem.
David: Not many.
Timothy Sackton: Parallel.
David: So he funds your expedition you go out these tour at loggerheads they go off wandering off in their own.
Timothy Sackton: direction so they go off he.
Timothy Sackton: Had across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: passed by the you know there's that giant statue.
Timothy Sackton: Of a stone board warrior out in the plains.
Eric Rosenbaum: have we seen that.
David: we've seen it i've seen it maybe mark your reference.
Timothy Sackton: So we passed by their.
Timothy Sackton: I guess some some folks from a different expedition that already.
Timothy Sackton: passed through because dissolve dug up and loaded I don't know what they found there, maybe dwarves and stuff you know it's.
Timothy Sackton: kept going we come to the Tower looks promising looks kind of wished wondering where our cousins because it, it looks old looks.
Timothy Sackton: drink coffee and you should have stuck with us instead of going wandering off wherever you want to go.
David: it's foolish to wonder the desert alone.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: not sure what.
Timothy Sackton: He was thinking, to be honest.
David: Anyway, but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the goal, he wanted to find he was looking for something specific.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: We come to the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Not too hard to get in the door.
Timothy Sackton: start to explore.
Timothy Sackton: Some some stuff some few few loose are the mentors one door that's locked some sort of magic we can't get past.
Timothy Sackton: So we move on i'm very quiet eerily quiet.
Timothy Sackton: But there's you know there's enough.
Timothy Sackton: treasure it's worth exploring.
Timothy Sackton: ALBAN sorcerer tells us we come to this.
Timothy Sackton: room with a statue of a head looks like eight feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: Two giant eyes, like a mouth and and knows it, but the eyes is all portion the little bit long like it like it's not just a big human right it's like a giant I don't know if you've ever seen a giant.
David: Stranger yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But they they look a little different right.
Timothy Sackton: Elvis tells us the eyes and these five gems that are set in points in the crowd in our own magical so you know.
Timothy Sackton: You must do the same thing right you're I don't know which one of you is the one who points out what's magic but you go pick it up right if it's magic, it must be worth.
David: that's what.
We.
Timothy Sackton: Should what for traps, though, because, like.
Timothy Sackton: 15 minutes later after we took those eyes and those those gems off the Crown.
Timothy Sackton: lightning starts racing around the walls of the Tower.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this isn't good.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know there's one more room to explore right So what do you do right.
Timothy Sackton: We decided to explore the room.
Timothy Sackton: And our their downfall shutter run.
Timothy Sackton: lightning.
Timothy Sackton: solidifies into some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Not human.
Timothy Sackton: But it climbs off the wall and it starts attacking us.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, now we run I don't know if you ever been attacked by animated lightning bolts, but I.
Timothy Sackton: wouldn't recommend.
Timothy Sackton: Not fun.
Timothy Sackton: ALBAN dies.
Timothy Sackton: In the retreat.
Timothy Sackton: And the lightning starts trashing the first floor, we managed to drag his body, how do we find that we're in a thunderstorm that's getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
Timothy Sackton: But it's almost dark, what can we do very the body set up camp.
Timothy Sackton: socks right next day we get out.
Timothy Sackton: And, by the time we leave the store must be three miles across.
mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So we took the eyes few other things from the Tower we took those crown gems right i'm back faster was interested he made us bonus.
Timothy Sackton: So guys were meet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what kind of things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what kinds of things you know kind of things for selection general but for the order for his interests, he said, you got a big expedition coming up, did you know what he kind of like says a under these expeditions.
Timothy Sackton: don't only the older, the better I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting or unusual.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know I you know.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't honestly had a long conversation with him, he is a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: tells us what he wants and he pays well and he.
Timothy Sackton: expects us to do the job.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he the kind of guy that likes to trade.
Timothy Sackton: Oh he's constantly trading things around yeah like I said he's not a hoarder he's um.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he likes to spread the wealth around a little bit and.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know i've never i've never been in his power I don't know what he collects cynically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any chance you could broker an introduction to us we've got some things that he might be interested in.
David: don't use a new expedition is mounting.
David: But also asked us, because we were there must have been a half dozen other groups out there, scattered across them or was was he backing all of those guys are just you.
Timothy Sackton: know just off.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know the politics right there's.
Timothy Sackton: or somebody that money that comes from the great library.
Timothy Sackton: Does this guy crispus he's sort of a.
Timothy Sackton: patron funds grants manager for the library hill.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: let's discuss him.
Timothy Sackton: Chris Christmas.
Mike Sackton: No, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: style style style.
pesto.
Mike Sackton: i'm just writing in our what all.
Mike Sackton: i'm writing in our little trigger any adventures Doc who each group is backed by.
Timothy Sackton: There was a woman.
Timothy Sackton: named lira.
Timothy Sackton: she's been up north.
Timothy Sackton: You know she has been.
Timothy Sackton: Organizing some.
Timothy Sackton: adventure in groups on the northern border of charting.
David: Who is headed north.
Timothy Sackton: yeah way north.
Timothy Sackton: Wake up like.
Timothy Sackton: way North from here yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody was backing a large a large group.
Timothy Sackton: might have been this guy galen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where were they headed.
Timothy Sackton: East, I guess, they came back a while ago actually i've already gone.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you know why, but they were the ones who who.
Timothy Sackton: Export that statue is talking about came back with some.
Timothy Sackton: Some dormant relic anything.
David: or something weird about that.
David: No.
Timothy Sackton: yeah maybe yeah that sounds possible.
Timothy Sackton: galen loves this extra planner stuff I think it was somehow connected to.
Timothy Sackton: Torben I don't know your doors.
Timothy Sackton: To towards have other planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are some connections to be made there.
Mike Sackton: i'm sorry, who, who is backing vocal I forget his name.
Timothy Sackton: hey gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dark area.
Mike Sackton: Do you know, a guy named cassie in.
Mike Sackton: kind of a.
David: soul.
Mike Sackton: word but yeah sure.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah follow word me about him said.
Timothy Sackton: stay away, not a good dude.
Timothy Sackton: And he never met him.
Mike Sackton: no idea who might be backing him.
Timothy Sackton: he's been gone for a while now.
Timothy Sackton: No, I don't know faster might have been backing him to actually.
Timothy Sackton: not sure.
Timothy Sackton: This he's.
Timothy Sackton: back several of the non Blackberry.
Timothy Sackton: missions, I think.
Timothy Sackton: He was backing a number of us who are heading.
Timothy Sackton: East.
Timothy Sackton: Cross Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: I think, calcium, with the traveling with a.
Timothy Sackton: There was a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a big dude.
Timothy Sackton: kind of quiet type.
Timothy Sackton: Like big.
Timothy Sackton: X thing on a stick.
David: The story, we heard yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think they were, I think, fast, I was backing them to they were going East, we never cross paths with them.
Timothy Sackton: They sell out, we went overland I don't like boats.
David: Did you go on foot the hallway.
yeah.
David: well.
David: that's a lot.
Timothy Sackton: about much further than you coming all the way from some bar.
Timothy Sackton: college.
David: yeah.
David: Where are you from before returning before all this.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas, whereas anybody really from.
My.
David: travels.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I grew up.
Timothy Sackton: Selling on the coast here playing the coastal trade up North up towards Marwan and beyond.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: You know I.
Timothy Sackton: didn't like the ocean like I said, I just wanted to feel the solid ground on my feet.
Timothy Sackton: spend some time ran Volterra came.
Timothy Sackton: South along the.
Timothy Sackton: along the river past like the wondrous That was a fun place actually are some.
Timothy Sackton: Here you can look at them here's the big map.
Timothy Sackton: Like blonde dress is this is this big lake here.
Timothy Sackton: called tara's up here.
Timothy Sackton: that's like the northern border of of charleston.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: When it's when it's far south as.
Timothy Sackton: The the year odd river.
Timothy Sackton: How would the lizard folk for a bit.
Timothy Sackton: travel.
Timothy Sackton: Through the mire any gap came back, but you know.
Timothy Sackton: been walking for a long time i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of want to let the stories come to me now.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta get some cash.
David: So loria for you then.
Timothy Sackton: that's where i'm heading next.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome to join us.
David: When do you leave.
Next week.
David: it's awfully tempting.
David: When you came back.
David: You turn it over both eyes and.
David: All five of the stones.
yep.
David: how's the pay.
Timothy Sackton: it's good.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I.
Timothy Sackton: Think.
Timothy Sackton: Two or three more missions, or have invested by my end.
David: there's gonna be.
Timothy Sackton: Some crossroads somewhere haven't decided.
Timothy Sackton: it's happening to open.
Timothy Sackton: up the stories come to me for change.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not counterintuitive like hassling settling down and they can.
Eric Rosenbaum: retire sometime.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's definitely like happening.
Timothy Sackton: innkeepers right, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's baffling settling down to like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Be.
Timothy Sackton: And then is nice because people come right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you still get next door.
Eric Rosenbaum: To did you notice, while it was in your position anything interesting or odd about those eyes are the gyms.
Timothy Sackton: You know, once the oven died.
Timothy Sackton: can't say I can't say much magic myself and Dan Dan is just been sort of sitting quietly there.
Timothy Sackton: You know he has his moments, but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I can't say either of us is not magical.
Timothy Sackton: kind of left him alone, to be honest, the freak me out a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: After we touch that statue was lightning came to life what's that about.
Eric Rosenbaum: The eyes were set, though.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: Realistically painted, though.
Timothy Sackton: Like the rest of the statue kind of playing with the eyes hyper realistic.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's intriguing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have a sense of what type of gemstones the Denver.
Eric Rosenbaum: The red or green or.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, they were.
Timothy Sackton: were like.
Timothy Sackton: sort of clear link link strict with pink.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: course rose quartz maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Like some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: crystal thing they have this they were very yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Crystal and shaped.
Timothy Sackton: Their big like about that thing.
David: Because it may be, maybe it's in.
David: Their magic rather than their preciousness.
Timothy Sackton: Well, been said they were magical that's why we took them, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What do you do right take the magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's.
Timothy Sackton: The whole point of these expeditions sure you've seen similar things right, I mean oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's fascinating story.
Mike Sackton: Ola sharing it.
David: yeah i'll take a moment to sketch on the table, like with water from our Cup.
David: a map of Western Dunbar and say.
David: Listen if you're looking for a place to open up and in someday.
David: The road.
David: Between downer but in Tokyo is not in good repair, but it will be in this chart and flourishes and pushes East to the be less of a track and more of a road.
David: and enterprising person might say to themselves that settlements going to have to spring up where that road forks between durbin's and garden turns towards took her.
David: You could place for him.
Eric Rosenbaum: As well be talks, the map sort of rises from the surface of the table forming a little.
Eric Rosenbaum: sand and mountain in forest features tiny cobalts running around on it.
Timothy Sackton: that's that's good to know, maybe you to stop by and visit sometime if I start that in.
David: i'd like that very much just don't die or go madden and Laura.
Timothy Sackton: Is that a known risk of a loria.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's a known risk of our way of life.
Timothy Sackton: But do you know anything particular about or I should be aware of.
David: The story, I heard on the road.
David: And I don't know if it's true or not, but the story that I heard on the road, was that.
David: um you know that that group with the with Caspian.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to use it as fast, I mean i'm sure if he's funding them he tell you, if you're going to meet with them anyway.
David: yeah.
David: What I heard about that group is once once you're in it, you can't get out of it.
David: And that seems like a troubling thing.
David: That seems like something different than ordinary.
David: we're.
Timothy Sackton: Very little adventuring band, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Dana and iron work well together, but we're not married or anything.
David: you're single.
Timothy Sackton: Are you single.
David: No, no, but but.
David: The point being.
David: It seemed like a dangerous thing.
David: For more than the ordinary dangerous.
David: To.
attract that you can't.
David: You never want to make a deal that you can't walk away from right.
David: yeah it sounded like they couldn't walk away from the deal that made.
David: whoo.
Mike Sackton: hoo landed like.
Mike Sackton: The story, we heard was.
Mike Sackton: They were desperate for stuff from drink or because they were afraid, what would happen if they came back with.
Timothy Sackton: i'm an artist right.
Timothy Sackton: them in a room together yeah well.
Timothy Sackton: I well I.
Mike Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: We can always walk away.
Mike Sackton: Be careful about a.
Mike Sackton: should watch yourself.
David: Just make sure that you can walk away.
Timothy Sackton: yeah what's.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: story, we heard.
Mike Sackton: On the road between toe kraton DARPA.
Mike Sackton: was a.
Mike Sackton: Some people thought they could walk away until they couldn't.
Timothy Sackton: wow that sounds like some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: magical mumbo jumbo I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah call it magical mumbo jumbo would it messes your brain up just bad.
Timothy Sackton: Fair enough, fair enough i've seen some bad things in my time.
Mike Sackton: And um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, watch our backs thanks for the tip.
This.
Mike Sackton: severus sounded like he might be one of them.
Mike Sackton: desperate for a.
Mike Sackton: desperate for what he could find.
Timothy Sackton: severus that dude was lost in his own head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were severus.
Mike Sackton: Services in a.
hurry.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: he's um.
Mike Sackton: he's hunting a.
Mike Sackton: Great artifacts from drink or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why you guys said with that voice Stella.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if the real.
pleasure, my friend.
David: We go see your patron can we drop your name and say you mentioned he's looking for adventures.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: happy to speak with you, if you're.
Timothy Sackton: If you're.
Timothy Sackton: Considering.
Timothy Sackton: taking on a mission I know there's.
Timothy Sackton: plenty of work to be done.
David: We go to him directly or he is someone who we deal with.
Timothy Sackton: I just send them a message i'll let you know explain when you want.
Timothy Sackton: he's.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty open.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we send them a message.
Timothy Sackton: Well there's like I mean charting as a very robust system of like messengers right, so you can pay a messenger copies to take a letter to anybody.
Timothy Sackton: and fast those towers note, I mean it's not a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's an obvious lead sled 200 foot tall octagonal tower that's like well known right.
Mike Sackton: If we say, send a message to fastest fastest tower people know who it is.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: He is not him and galen are definitely like well known right they're not nobody's like nice us nasa's.
Mike Sackton: So let's go higher selves out to the side of the open scrolling down the third artifact in the apparent artifacts right like I mean services, after which one he was after the.
Mike Sackton: rush has to cloak.
David: Ring.
Mike Sackton: The ring he was after the cloak right, so why not let's try this inside of the open scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go find the color join it fucking seeker already joined us or he joined it.
Mike Sackton: And what will will find the cloak in a worry, I will.
bring it back to.
Mike Sackton: Mind controlled, so we have to give.
Mike Sackton: It back the fastest right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So Chapter two he's really garage.
Kate: Okay ugly the same magic that have got to us on that that either over.
Mike Sackton: To me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pull it just just to recap, I know it's late, but just to recap, this is what we've learned let's let's set the size for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So in chart in it's basically like there's like a billionaire class there's like the Elon musk's and the lucky winner classes chart in that basically like rents out, you know adventurers to go and fucking get these rare artifacts for them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And they come back they get the book and artifacts and now we're going to hold ourselves out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To this guy because he's not going to want to me the shit that we want and he's gonna want us in exchange for the giant eyes to send us on the ultimate side quest to go get some fucking shit to get the fucking China is back.
Mike Sackton: Right he's totally don't want them there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know like I feel like there may be an epic side quest I feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like it's only appropriate for us to show up as charting and become fucking the horse to the society.
Mike Sackton: We.
Mike Sackton: Really testing to go to war yeah I have to say.
David: Like it's also a very disparaging way to talk about the jump creators of.
charting.
Mike Sackton: The truth and they're not really creating jobs.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: This is like classic d&d though right like the standard D amp D.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and end trope is somebody hires you to go in a dungeon.
Mike Sackton: i'm like should we go to war yeah should we like go with these guys seem Nice.
David: I just I think we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rule it out necessarily what's happening Gloria so saying.
Mike Sackton: So severus I wait you missed this whole thing two sessions ago you you your mom was not doing well.
Mike Sackton: i'll tell.
Mike Sackton: In darby.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: dealt with spent a while hunting down severus.
Mike Sackton: yeah and what he learned was that severus tried to hire out a group of people to go raid some temple he was not very good at hiring people, so he failed and then he got he decided he didn't care anymore, because he heard a rumor that the artifact he was remember services, the guy.
Mike Sackton: had been going across Denmark after the clock.
Mike Sackton: yeah he found a rumor that the cloak was in I think it was like someone just south of loria wasn't it.
So.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: laureus had Ray hawker Darbar at the end.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Great War, and he had found a rumor that during that.
Timothy Sackton: They had that like a lorean interregnum or whatever they have potentially rated a bunch of stuff from DARPA.
Mike Sackton: And the south island South Korea yeah wasn't.
Mike Sackton: wasn't an.
Mike Sackton: Island south of a warrior there was like some I want to say there's like a ship or something.
Mike Sackton: Maybe i'm making that up.
Timothy Sackton: I think the rumors are not entirely clear exactly where it went but chart and had conquered loria and the lorry and then these other islands were still like free right.
Mike Sackton: Right right so so we were pretty sure severus was mounting an expedition to these free islands south of the warrior on the theory that the lorry and treasure would be there somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK, and now the half links are going there to do what.
Timothy Sackton: Well, probably because sephora has very bad at everything he just wrote a letter to his sponsor and was like hey send me adventures.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's how a perfectly rational set of decisions leads us inevitably down the path to being literal pirates.
Mike Sackton: So so so basically sampras thinks he's found the third artifact the cloak right he thinks there's an award.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and faster is also working severus.
Mike Sackton: yeah severus is one of the fastest, as people.
Mike Sackton: right as those people, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still may not be the top of the food chain.
Mike Sackton: We have to meet faster before.
Mike Sackton: We make any decisions when we meet festo one of three things gonna happen right, it could be like Aha you have walked into my trap dungeon right like maybe he knows us and he's good he knows, we have the sector, and I think that's unlikely, but if he's sponsoring campus and Caspian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's sponsors and cassie and Chad most.
Mike Sackton: that's what didn't.
Mike Sackton: that's what this guy said.
Eric Rosenbaum: That he could still be like the guy in the in the fancy suit is the high roller put he's actually a puppet of some when you don't even see you know.
Mike Sackton: He could be in and it's possible so he's either like the guy who's making everything.
Mike Sackton: he's working for the guy who's making everything.
Mike Sackton: or he just doesn't even know that everything's turning evil and something else is going on.
Mike Sackton: that's screwing with these people right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you just be just just be a greedy capitalist.
Mike Sackton: yeah exactly he could be a greedy capitalist, who is not actually enchanting the people to be insanely obsessed with drink or just taking advantage of the people who are insanely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is the other thing we've learned right this aside any open scroll is not like a hierarchical structure it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not enjoying it you just get a card and so it's like within the society yeah there's like a treasure there's like no it's like very loosely organized so whatever it's not like there's like some powers.
Mike Sackton: drop the society it's the billionaire class there's something wrong with the billionaire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, but it's also like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because like there's the society of there's the people like the like fucking off guard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or whatever like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The nerdy news that just like like to talk about shit and blah blah blah and then within the society there's like a treasure hunting faction so here's a question is also a member of the society open scroll can we ask D amp D amp.
Timothy Sackton: d amp D and Dan that yeah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, okay.
Mike Sackton: So these guys are.
Mike Sackton: Like Dean Dean or Darren oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're just.
Timothy Sackton: Like the fastest like it part of this patron class right he's part of this leg.
Timothy Sackton: yeah who are sort of nominally part of the opens they're not really scholars but everybody wants that he's like he's like you know, and I basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no he's like Jeffrey Epstein.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah that's a better right, I mean.
Not to have anything.
Mike Sackton: To say is that, like.
Kate: Christian or whatever his name is peyton.
Eric Rosenbaum: Christmas Christmas.
Timothy Sackton: he's he's like your program officer he's more like NIH because he's working with the great library money.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, but where does the money come from that's we got to follow the money like who's like.
Mike Sackton: As are all.
Eric Rosenbaum: runner know do it.
Mike Sackton: really well they're probably coming from the chili.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right well and also right it's like it's like you know.
Mike Sackton: If this one guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If i'll still is like living in like a giant fucking tower in the middle of the city where it's like like this is a dude and all of these people like off guard it's like deeply wounded insecure people that like need attention wealth money so it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: He sound like something in the dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shadows dude he's like everybody can look at how great I am in my giant huge fucking power.
Eric Rosenbaum: maestro's big parties and.
Eric Rosenbaum: stuff yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you look how much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jeffrey Epstein.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like you know.
Timothy Sackton: I, the one thing you do know seeker in Canada, with this, so the great library gets a lot of money from selling spell casting services.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's very lucrative.
Timothy Sackton: Income less lucrative recently because of the massive influx of.
Eric Rosenbaum: What caused that.
Mike Sackton: that's the.
Timothy Sackton: that's the new Emperor step that's the new efforts.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what's the new Emperor up to When did the Emperor come to.
Timothy Sackton: Three years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he's years ago.
Timothy Sackton: or four years ago.
Mike Sackton: Society opens for the good guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: And graphs working for the new emperor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God.
Timothy Sackton: Everything always have to tie into the central Arkansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: campaigns and let's just go to the bathroom.
Timothy Sackton: Being the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hanging out in the fantasy, like the next phase of this activity chart is going to be so great, because we're going to go on to nature we're going to go and deal with like magic berry shit and then we're gonna discover and tap into the network.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They will wipe portals so we can travel and just teleport all around town, you know, because once we get powerful enough looks like there's no are traveling around town or you know we need some kind of like magical teleportation system is a while.
Mike Sackton: Or alternatively we go to a world.
Kate: Where like focus on is the.
Kate: fact that the society, the purpose froze is entirely decentralized thing, so my big lake worry about like Oh, the dragons are the.
Kate: giant size are going to be involved seven and the chat chalice of the.
Kate: priests is going to be in vault for and we're gonna have to like espionage around like vaults of the great library is all is all nothing because it's just a couple different separate.
Kate: independent actors, so we can, so this is a much more manageable problem and going like secret security and.
Mike Sackton: We decided that we know.
Mike Sackton: We know galen is screwing the.
Mike Sackton: dwarves right.
Kate: uh huh.
Mike Sackton: So we just need to go find him and I don't know how we're going to get the chalice back, but.
David: yeah I think the Charles is more complicated, but I feel like we got good news about the eyes, like they're in the possession of someone who.
David: Does lots of trade.
David: and interested in powerful Apps like that's validation of Australia.
Eric Rosenbaum: We will have already sold them, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True, there are two clear ways we're going to get you guys back either we trade with we try to mirror something else we got that he thinks it's fucking cool or he employs us and we go and get some other object for him that he will.
Mike Sackton: yeah but we can't we can't give them the cloak Okay, but just set some ground rules we're not giving anybody these crazy powerful artifacts that we've decided we're going to just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Keep in us for for good.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could you.
Mike Sackton: say.
Timothy Sackton: I say and him to give you the eyes, you know.
Timothy Sackton: You could just go in there with the sector and commanding to give you the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See now TIM is talking sense.
David: No way that will be successful.
Mike Sackton: That is a terrible idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about market successful isn't that exactly what the separate.
Mike Sackton: Apps will probably work.
Timothy Sackton: it's, not to say there wouldn't be significant.
Mike Sackton: consequences might be consequences.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys Look, we all know how this is going to end okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, oh that once we give the giant the eyes back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and give him the power of the sector power we just kind of white barn end of the whole situation and then let whatever.
Mike Sackton: is going to tell us how to just try it that's the whole point.
Eric Rosenbaum: O is to ask to like just have a look see added.
David: to your point, there is a plausible case to be made this kroger will seek vengeance on drinker and it's errs who imprisoned him.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't drunk or that in prison.
Mike Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: It was it was it was you don't you don't know much about you don't miss this history you just have a few scraps he was drying corn for sure.
Mike Sackton: You know what we could do is, we could put one of you don't miss this painting the painting of you don't mess we could watch in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoo.
Mike Sackton: Well, tell us something about you don't miss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's that painting of you don't have to go back to the tower.
know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's.
Mike Sackton: Why, I was talking to our.
Mike Sackton: TIM says the worth 1000 gold each if we sell them to the right people Dallas was gonna sell.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them before we sell them out that's that's a great idea we should definitely do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we probably need to wait.
David: Do we need anything else from D amp D.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: No, I think that conversation is kind of.
Timothy Sackton: um because it's very late.
Mike Sackton: um yeah I need to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back to synthesize what this is, this is a lot this is like I mean a lot of progress.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, this is a fun one yeah.
Mike Sackton: But as a final thing let's just write a note to Fausto so that we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah we're we're meeting Fausto.
Mike Sackton: Next top of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For sure.
Timothy Sackton: That okay yeah so you'll send a message to them you got to tell them where to where you can be reached so he can write back and say.
Timothy Sackton: But you could just use the same in you used for vault.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will use that in.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah and.
Eric Rosenbaum: galen i'm sure we can just find something that makes an even crazier DEMO than his chalice to trade for the chalice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good call.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good call wants.
Eric Rosenbaum: is to blow stuff up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
Kate: And then, when we accidentally bumped him up.
Eric Rosenbaum: horrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we meet meet the.
Mike Sackton: gum in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: discredited tutor that actually knows the secret of the forest and ISM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I will reinvigorate us to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it's just because I haven't gone there.
Mike Sackton: Like what does that no.
Kate: cuz is the cloak.
The cloak.
Mike Sackton: What is the book hides the gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we gotta find rye, though.
Mike Sackton: You do have to find rye.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First don't you want to go into.
Mike Sackton: battle, yes, yes, I do, I really liked that plan, but.
Mike Sackton: lori was so tempting when we were DARPA was like.
Eric Rosenbaum: This right there.
Mike Sackton: TIM was de Gaulle these quests right in front of us.
Mike Sackton: yeah now he's taking them again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows, maybe they maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just.
Timothy Sackton: Making the world have.
Mike Sackton: aged giggling quests.
Timothy Sackton: Do I don't I don't really want you to.
Kate: lori is sort of South maybe risk when can go on your way home.
Kate: Just a single handily get the cloak and just.
tuck it in a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Book TIM just went to some epic fucking force in California and wants.
Mike Sackton: Yes, as correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also fucking Kansas, making a magical with the staff that he's going to plug into the network.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is yeah we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some cool ship is going to happen from that and we need we need that you need some other elves because frankly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is only one out this whole fucking time the same l every single adventure, the same out every single if it's like let's mix it.
Timothy Sackton: is definitely other hours and charging if you.
luck.
Mike Sackton: I think you'll find another hour actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an interesting idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and now funky Marie and the other really important that needs to happen is well being used to go on a date with that the sexual tension that just appeared and disappeared like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank.
David: You for naming that go play that we're going to.
David: The pretext is gonna she's a bow master also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like the shooting range.
David: This evening.
David: huh.
Mike Sackton: Your fire arrows.
Eric Rosenbaum: And pierce her heart.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is that's going to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot happened the session.
David: And then, when it gets dark.
David: will go get some dinner, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we're playing nuts.
So.